0 This book has its good points. If anything, it helps you put into words what you want  from a supervisor, but it is not very accurate. The online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you, or if they don't describe you at all. This messes up the results, and it did not describe me very well. I am not just in denial. I have taken a lot of personality type tests, like the Keirsey Temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths. So, although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths, it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology.As for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees, I'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate. The company I work for has done this, and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths (according to this book) are very unhappy in their new positions.Your money can be spent better elsewhere. I say its only worth about $10 
0 The fatalistic view of Conservativism is expressed by Kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states, "[Edmund] Burke, could he see our century, never would concede that a consumption-society, so near suicide, is the end for which Providence has prepared man".  But wait. The Conservative Mind was first published in 1953, the mythical golden age of America with Ward and June Cleaver and Normal Rockwell. Meanwhile, Burke, a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century. What a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times.There are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society. Voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which Kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society. Kirk writes, "What men really are seeking, or ought to seek, is not the right to govern themselves, but the right to be governed well" but what he offers is a lack of true representation. The author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth, intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender. Is it so surprising that Kirk lauds some of the worst racists in American history like Nathanial Bedford Forrest whom he describes as `magnificent' before quoting his racist vitriol? In a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate John C. Calhoun as a `defender of minorities' and praises John Randolph for, among other things, opposing doctrines of racial equality. Kirk goes on about Calhoun's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the Fugitive Slave Act which forced federal officials and law officials in Northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine. He supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery. For Calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe. Kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern `anti-slavery agitation' and supports Calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty, although Calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty. One wonders if Kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the Calhoun mounted a `strong protest against domination by class or region'.Another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state. The duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line. Quoting Samuel Coleridge, the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control. Sounding like the inspiration for disgraced Chief Justice Roy Moore, Russell Kirk urges that, "state and church ought never to be separate entities, true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit; it rises far superior to earthly law, being, indeed, the source of all law". Kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of God but never draws a distinction. I have to wonder if, like the modern Reconstructionist, Kirk wanted to see the laws of Leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers. He never explains how one might recognize a law of God besides using prejudice.The third thread would be Kirk's anti-intellectual (or perhaps pro-stupid) stance. He refers to human reason as `puny' and `impotent' and claims that we find the mind of God in prejudice and tradition. `Prejudice', he writes, `is of ready application in the emergency; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue, and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision, skeptical, puzzled, and unresolved'. Actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain. Citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for God and those in higher stations and authority.In order to grab the golden fleece of populism Conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident. Like Calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade. I found Russell Kirk's salesmanship of Conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day. 
0 I was intrigued by the title, which supposedly links Jedi wisdom to Christianity.  Well, after 60 pages or so, I have got the feeling that the Staub is trying to wrap Jedi in Christian cloth and failing at that. The author speaks of the difficulty in leading a Christian life.  But, I say that any religious life (be it Christian, Islam or otherwise) is hard because it turns the back on the norm or the conventional. I am convinced that Yoda is a Zen master; the Force is derived from Tao, not God as interpreted by the orthodox religion(I am purposefully leaving out Christian Mysticism, which is another beast altogether.). A better book on the subject of theology in Star wars is "The Dharma of Star Wars." 
0 I admit, I haven't finished this book.  A friend recommended it to me as I have been having problems with insomnia.  I was interested in reading a book about women's health issues and this one sounded intriguing UNTIL she started in with her tarot cards, interest in astrology and angels.  Granted, I am not a firm believer in just "the hard facts" but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense isn't alternative enough for her! 
0 I tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that I put it down in frustration.  It reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat. The theme is interesting, the execution poor.  Cannot recommend 
0 Why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad? After the wonderful Quinn trilogy fans (including me) begged and begged for Nora Roberts to write Seth's story. After all we journeyed with Seth through we wanted to see him fall in love. Nora Roberts repeatedly said she would not write one. But us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it. And we got Chesapeake Blue. Reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted Seth's story but....this wasn't what I (and my fellow NR fans friends) wanted. First of all I wanted the heroine to be Aubrey. After their beautiful friendship in the Quinn trilogy I expected her to be Seth's love interest. But I tried to keep an open mind after all I loved Anna, Grace, and Sybill, but Dru Whitcomb Banks was a completely let down. All she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what Cam, Ethan, Philip, and Seth experienced as children. Seth becoming an artist was a surprise too I expected him to join the family business and design boats. The Gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline. There's no reason Gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that Seth wouldn't tell his family considering the Quinn Brothers (and wives)worked their so hard to keep him away from her. I closed this book vowing never to request, beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they don't want to. Because this is what you get 
0 Noam Chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his, yours, and mine - the United States of America.  He has made millions of dollars teaching, lecturing, selling his books, and investing.  His world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved.  His infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own Jewish ethnicity and the U.S., in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the United States.  He has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of American foreign policy.  He goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism, when he always ranks the U.S. and Israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now, and even in history.  His distrust of any authority, benign or otherwise, is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "underdog," even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as Al Queda or Hezbollah.  Yet since 1955, hypocrite Chomsky has worked for the "overdog" Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of War and mass destruction, and continues to this very day.Chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the United States and the Jewish State.If he were not so attached to the freedom of making money, earning the adulation of the American Left, and freedom to express himself, he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in North Korea, Iran, or Syria.  Let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much, the United States of America.  God Bless America, which will continue to give Chomsky the right to speak, teach, and make lots of money.Raybo 
0 I have been a fan of Sue Henry since her first Jessie Arnold mystery.  I was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure, but was very disappointed in this outing.  The characters were one-dimensional.  After discovering who the "bad guys" were I needed to reread part of the book for clarification.  Sue Henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters.  "...they hadn't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours."  Even the relationship between Alex and Jessie seemed stilted.  I realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher Jessie Arnold, but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little 
0 Heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention.  Unfortunately, these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere.  This shoddy technique is found in all four of Hienlein's final books.  We are also treated to some of Heinlein's stock characters, dirty old men, horny female computers, naked adolescent girls, and dominant beauties who would be right at home in leather and whips.  Without these archetype characters most Heinlein novels written after 1970 would have a sparse population indeed.  As if this isn't enough, Heinlein drags in his usual cast of characters from his other novels as he is so prone to doing.  In spite of all their cameo appearances, this group remains dull and one dimensional throughout.  Heinlein's earlier novels written prior to 1960 are still fine fare for young people, especially boys.  This novel, as well as most of Heinlein's later work will be enjoyed primarily by a group of die hard fans and is definitely not for general consumption 
0 I hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction. If thoughts are that powerful, they need to be resrained earlier. I don't know who survivied but he might feel very guilty about the others earlier and question if he had to survive. Logic can be quite painful when left alone, but sometimes it has to be 
0 Once upon a time I was given a vanity-published book to review. It was an illogical mess, full of breathtaking non-sequiturs. While reading "Iron John," I couldn't help thinking of it. The vanity book, however, was at least entertaining.John Eldredge refers to "Iron John" liberally in his book "Wild at Heart," and because I considered that a ringing endorsement, I purchased a copy. I can't tell you what a chore it has been to finally finish reading it. The hardest part was not flinging it away in disgust about 17 times.It's one thing to write a rambling tome full of obscure references; it's another to publish it. That people can slog through it and call it "profound" and "important" is baffling; what's even more mind-boggling is that people claim that this book "spoke" to them. I think it's a case of "I'd better say I understand it, or people will think I'm not erudite." Well, let me be erudite about it: "Iron John" is a big, steaming pile of New Age crapola. Don't say I didn't warn you 
0 How can a best-selling author like Simon Winchester take an event as exciting as the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? One answer: write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases. Another: strive to break the record for most clich?s in a single paragraph. Finally: write about events in 1906 as if no one but Simon Winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus, everything in this tedious narrative becomes about Simon. Simon and the raccoons; Simon on the failing American economy; Simon attempting to reproduce American accents. This is a CD set for avoiding 
0 I agree with the reviewer who said this work is boring. It seems Roth is trying to glorify Philip Roth and not the characters. He goes on and on describing the overwhelming feelings zuckermann has for "the swede", without letting us know who the Swede really is. Roth should let the characters tell the story or try to use less erudition in his narration.It gets to the point where the reader loses interest in finishing the book. I loved the plot against american because it was more character based than philosophizing about about the historical context of the times 
0 I echo the comments of the previous reviewers.  Don't waste your money.  Not only does this book present a tedious repetition of facts and stories already well known to even a casual U2 fan, it can't even get those facts right!  The book states that Bono's father dropped the family off at a Catholic Church before driving himself to another church.  This contradicts the correct statement on the preceding page that Bob Hewson was Catholic, while Bono, his mother and brother were Protestant.  In the same paragraph the Dublin neighborhood of "Glasnevin" is misspelled "Asnevin".  The hearing aid shop from which Bono took his name is misspelled, and perhaps most galling of all, the author can't even get the full name of Larry Mullen, Jr. right!  And this is just chapter one!  I have to agree that this book was simply thrown together to make a quick buck and therefore not worth purchasing.  I would suggest skipping this one and purchasing Bono: In Conversation With Michka Assayas, which includes a pretty good account of Bono's life from the man himself.  
0 Let me see how many books can I write to preach to the choir about the same thing. She must of got dumped by a handful of Liberal boyfriends (what intellegent person would want her) and now she's trying to get back at 'em. Can't wait for the next "I hate liberals so much and here are my reasons why" book. She should join Fox she would fit right in 
0 Anyone with intelligence can see that Ann Coulter is not attempting to make any meaningful or objective analysis of politics.  She is using inflammatory marketing to stir up the emotions of the most die-hard, flag-waving conservatives.  Until this attention-seeking labeling of other Americans as 'good' or 'bad' stops, there will never be true understanding of the complexties of American politics or foreign policy by the general public.  I don't agree with Bush's war and I didnt vote for him.  But he's not a 'bad person'; he did not invade Iraq because he is 'evil' or 'stupid'.  I can appreciate both sides of an argument; I can avoid generic categorizations.  I would never watch any news, liberal or conservative, that had a clear political bias.  Why can't Ann Coulter arrive at this same level of common sense?  Well, she wouldnt sell as many books; she wouldnt be on TV.  It has to be "Liberals Hate America" or "The Conservative Nazi Agenda".  We have the duty as thinking Americans, in the most advanced free country in the world, in these modern times of massive amounts of free information, to STOP PAYING ATTENTION TO THIS GARBAGE.  Get the facts and stop relying on a figurehead to spoon feed you your opinions 
0 I remember hearing about this book by the great patriot Sean Hannity sometime in 2001, then it was a mere idea. From that time on, until August 20th 2002, I waited for what I thought would be the greatest book of all time. I remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title: "Let Freedom Ring" with not just a picture of Sean Hannity on the cover, patriot that he is, but also a flag. I loved it, couldn't be more happy.Well, the day of the book's release, I took a day off work (i've never missed a day of work before in my life), and rushed to get this book. It looked better than I ever imagined.With the flag on the cover and the title of "Let Freedom Ring," I thought, finally, technology has caught up to our patriotism. I expected a book filled with flags, flags with sound effects. Maybe some firework sound effects. Boy was I wrong. I opened the book only to the colors black and white. No red. No blue. No stars and stripes. I quickly turned the pages, looking, searching for flags. I found none, no sound effects either, no fireworks. At that point, I went into a 4 year long depression. I nearly committed suicide at several points. It's only now that I can bring myself to review this man's book, patriot that he is. I say this so you know what you're getting yourself into. There are no flags, no stars and stripes, no fireworks, no sound effects. I have since recovered, but only because of old stars and stripes. I went back to teaching last year, not fully recovered, and my colleagues, knowing how much I love America and the STARS AND STRIPES, suggested I have my class do a research project: find the most patriotic book ever made. The methodoloy was simple: A book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high, a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest. We found some very good books and they did cheer me up. The one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called "President Jesus: How Jesus Wrote the Constitution, Freed the Slaves, and Won World War II." Its published by a small church in Texas. I was very proud of my students for finding it. It has brought countless joy to my life. Along with the book, made entirely out of a flag, with flag pictures, and written in blue and red ink, you get a giant flag. I'm not sure of the dimensions, but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck. I've draped it over my house and it covers it completely. People even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house. Now I often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time, smiling. 
0 All throughtout this book Alex Delaware and his police friend Milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover.  They have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture.  The reader longs for the pair to actually do something.  In the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings.  That is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking.  I read and enjoyed several of the early Alex Delaware books and then quit looking for new ones, now I know why 
0 The book jacket for "The Ruins" offers a can't-miss premise:  a group of post-grad American tourists at play in Mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among Mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger.  It's the stuff of great Summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach.  But 319 pages later, the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket.  Almost immediately, you'll notice that Smith's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting.  However, despite the endless stream of words, his descriptions are often threadbare.  Plus, there are no chapter breaks, which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue.  Next, the characters themselves begin to fall flat.  There are only really two couples to keep track of, and yet it's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them.  There is little to keep you interested in what they're doing or why they might be doing it.  Smith's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts.  This seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam.  By the end of the book, the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them.  And for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as Mayan mythology or archeological lore, forget it.  Aside from language barriers with the locals, there is no reason why this fantastical story couldn't have been set in the wilds of the Rocky Mountains, the Saharan desert, or anywhere else.  The danger posed has nothing to do with Mexico, archeology or mythology at all.  Ah yes, the danger posed.  Well, I can't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that's how thin the plot is.  The numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right.  Suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is (and you'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do), it's a real eye-roller, as if to say "I read this many pages for THIS?".By the time the story concludes, it's more irritating than suspenseful.  The characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you'll start rooting against them.  Eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action, but even aside from being misdirected, it's too little too late.  This book could have been an adventure, a supernatural thriller, a survival tale, or a horror screenplay.  It could have even taken the high road as an examination on people's reactions to situations of extreme stress:  some take the lead, even enjoying the challenge, while others whither into a shell of hopelessness.  But none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort.  
0 This book was so different from the usual NR story.  The burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic.  If you want romance, skip this.  It also seemed to take forever to get the book set up 
0 This book is offensive to at least one of the two genders, though it's hard to say which. It suggests that a man whose brain was transplanted into that of a sensual woman would become a wanton harlot, more or less. Whether that's more insulting to the male brain or the female body, I'm not sure, but the book portrays neither gender realistically.I like Heinlein, and the first 100 or so pages of this book show a lot of potential, but after that the book descends into vapid sexual morass, and it's not even particularly good at being that.The gender-swapping theme has been a common one in fiction and film in the last 30 years or so, but Heinlein joined the ranks of the many authors and directors who treated it as a chance to write pseudo-enlightened erotica instead of literature. More's the pity 
0 Why in the world would anyone publish a writer's bread and butter notes to his agent?  Besides the money, I mean.  There are a couple or three interesting fulminations against this publisher or that editor, whom Heinlein feels did him dirty.  But in the main this body of correspondence is of zero interest to any but the most complete worshipers of the sf master.  Just enjoy the stories, and nevermind the workaday business of how they got published 
0 I thought it was me until I read several other reviews of Predator.  Ms. Cornwell can do so much better than this disjointed mess.  If she's going to continue the Scarpetta series, she needs to get back on track, creating characters that we care about.  I finished this book as quickly as possible just to get it behind me.  What a disappointment 
0 I did not finish the book (I got about 70% of the way through before I realized I could not bear to read one more page).  Maybe the remaining part of the book would have been better, but I doubt it.  This is the first time I can ever remember not even having even the slightest interesting in finishing a book.  The characters were flat and plot went nowhere.  Please - there are million of books out there.  Spare yourself, and find something else to read. Anything. 
0 This is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature. It is timely but it is not timeless.  Not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly. Not one scene is memorable. The true nature of the book -- soap opera-- is cloaked under its many pages.   Messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story, and she seems to have believed her publicity machine.  I can't believe that her husband, who a great literary critic, would not talk her out of publishing this.  Oh.  I forgot.  Money and fame trumps quality every time. 
0 I thought the title was interesting so I bought this book.  Wow, what a disappointment.  This is sappy and poorly written.  How does Mitch Albom keep  getting on the best sellers list 
0 I admit, I haven't finished this book.  A friend recommended it to me as I have been having problems with insomnia.  I was interested in reading a book about women's health issues and this one sounded intriguing UNTIL she started in with her tarot cards, interest in astrology and angels.  Granted, I am not a firm believer in just "the hard facts" but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense isn't alternative enough for her! 
0 You all like misogynist comics 
0 despite early promise, marked by intriguing personal observations and evident self-reflection, this effort fails to deliver on the author's experience and acumen.  the book is a disparate set of chapters and lacks a unitary thread, apart from a bitter leavening of asides on the shortcomings of United States rhetoric and policies on Africa.  i had hoped for more, given the fine record in newsprint of this well-traveled journalist. 
0 I read some raving reviews about this book, but I admit, I was quite disappointed.  Factual, I'm sure, but it lacks details and tries to touch on too much without going into any depth.  Many other pregnancy books go into further detail 
0 The characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional, the dialog hackneyed. I have no idea why it's on the New York Times Bestseller list. It was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else. Don't waste your money 
0 I've been following the Alex Cross series from its beginning, and after reading Cat & Mouse, I'm wondering if Patterson has taken these characters as far as they can go... Given the fact that there are 7 or 8 more Cross books written subsequently to this one, I can only hope that the series gets better.My complains are similar to those of other reviewers:1. I'm getting sick of the perfection of Alex Cross.  The man's a saintly father, saintly grandson, saintly lover, saintly charity worker, and saintly detective.  These traits hooked the reader and made Cross an intriguing character, but he's fast becoming too one-dimensional.2. The Cross/Sampson relationship.  As if we weren't sick enough of this already.  Every few chapters, we're reminded of the man-crush Cross and Sampson have on each other.  Sampson is so perfect in Cross's eyes that it becomes tiresome to hear about it every time Sampson enters a scene.3. The Cross/Christine Johnson relationship moves WAY too fast.  One moment Christine is still mourning the loss of her husband (who was viciously murdered 6 months prior in Jack & Jill) and freaks out over an innocent dinner date, and the next she and Cross are madly in love.  No development whatsoever, no line from Point A to Point B.4. I'm not sure Patterson could have written the dialogue between Cross and his children any more unrealistically.  Aren't these 7- and 9-year-old children?  He has more intelligent conversations with his kids than he does with Sampson or Kyle Craig.5. The entire novel is a series of pseudo-climaxes which are ultimately resolved by plot twists that seemingly arrive from left field.  The Soneji resolution was anti-climactic at best, and the Mr. Smith conclusion was unfulfilling 
0 If you are looking for a book that does a cover to cover job of bashing western civilization with complete and obvious bias, this is it. 
0 One of the blurbs I read on the book jacket compared this book to Into Thin Air and The Perfect Storm. No way!. Those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences. This account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring. The action doesn't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then, the cliched writing and deification of Balf's subjects make this book very hard to get through. Unless you are a serious kayaking fan, I would not recommend this book 
0 I had somewhat forgotten how Greg Bear wrote.  His descriptions of the  Jart are so obscure and long-winded, the reader may as well just turn the  page.  I found it annoying that Greg Bear attempted to invent even more  words in this book than Eon.  My largest complaint however resided in the  high number of typos, duplicated words, letters dropped etc that made the  reading even more disruptive.  It really looked like there had been global  replacements as the same errors were repeated.  While I'd admit that an  author is more concerned with flow, plot, and technical accuracy - the  editor should review with a little more care to the fundamentals 
0 I was very disapointed in the book.Basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others,twisted their words and put his own spin on it.It repeats itself over and over being so repetative I had to put it down.There are good books out there written by people who were there.I suggest you take a look at those.I read many good one's but this book wasnt in that catagory 
0 This story is very dark, full of menace and dark thoughts. Not great for kids. OK for adults if that's what you like. A hard story, not much gentleness in it except for a couple of moments 
0 Many reviewers compared this novel to Jurassic Park, saying it was a better book than Crichton's. What absurdity. I am not saying that JP is an awesome book, but it was far better than Tyrannosaur Canyon.Tyrannosaur Canyon is a fairly intriguing story, but poorly executed and VERY poorly ended. It's as though Preston suddenly realized that he was going to have to get his characters out of the predicament he had put them in, and didn't know how to do it. The ending is too fast, too unlikely and too unrealistic.The book closes with a theistic comment by one of the characters, which I believe is Preston's way of attempting to belong to both camps, having his science AND being religious.Overall, I had high hopes for this book and I am sorry to say that in the last 100 pages, I was greatly let down 
0 First of all, I did not exactly 'read' this biography. Instead I purchased the CD version which I distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work (I have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way, and still been able to read many more technology related books).I had great expectations from this book, having recently enjoyed three biographies of Lincoln. I have to confess that I was sorely disapointed. I found the research of Mr McCullough to lack the kind of details that I have enjoyed in biographies from Walter Isaacson, Richard Carwardine, or Doris Goodwin. I do not seek a beautiful story in a biography, but rather a reliable source of facts that I can use to form my own opinion of a character. In this context, I find Mr McCullough's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of John Adams and his contribution to America. I also enjoy direct quotes from letters, speaches, autobiographies, as they help me refine my impressions of the context (the period, the relationships to contemporary characters, ...) surounding a promonent figure. Usage of the English language in politics has dramatically evolved since Mr Adams' time, and I missed 'hearing' the voice of John Adams. Instead, this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author. Finally, having read other biographies of the founding fathers, I was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between Adams and Franklin.All in all, my lasting impression is that Mr McCullough did a great job at bringing John Adams and the early American Revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions. Had I known that, I might have passed on this biography and instead explore Mr McCullough's fictional work 
0 This simply isn't history.  In real life, people do things for reasons.  Historians explain what happened and (to some extent) why.  That is how they are able to infer as yet unknown details and even predict future attitudes and acts.  Pappe gets plenty of facts wrong, but his biggest failing is to ascribe incorrect or even impossible motives to many of the people of the region.This book is propaganda masquerading as history.  
0 I know a lot of people liked this book, but I felt like it put too much pressure on me to pack on the pounds.  I didn't realise so much of the book was focused on diet.  It says you should plan on gaining a pound a week, and the more you gain the healthier your babies will be.  Well the first 13 weeks I managed to gain NOTHING, and I felt horrible about it, but food made me so sick the last thing I could do was eat MORE food to try to gain weight.  The book said that according to my starting weight I should try to gain 50 - 60 pounds during my pregnancy!  I decided to stop reading the book, and so far, just going by what my gut says about what to eat and when, I've managed to put on 20 pounds.  My twins are measuring perfectly and are very healthy.This book isn't horrible, but I would check it out of a library or borrow it or buy it used, don't spend the $ on a new one... and be prepared to put it down if it doesn't sound right to you 
0 Though this book does present all the necessary information for learning about abnormal psychology, it's the dryest, most aesthetically difficult to read textbook... especially if you happen to be studying the material online/through independent study.  The publisher needs to redesign the book and/or you need to have a better online course professor. It feels nearly impossible to be interested in this material (which is interesting in itself) if you have to read the textbook front to back on your own without any instruction. 
0 I bought this audio CD set at the Borders store, without the opportunity to preview the narration. Had I been able to do so, I probably never would have purchased it, let alone paid full bookstore price for it. But I needed an audiobook for my long drive the next day, so I relented. Lesson learned.The audio quality is very insonsistent, at at times very poor, having been transcribed from the original audiotape recording. While the author is obviously greatly informed on the historical and geopolitical details of the Middle East, it does read very much like a history text. With the amount of detail presented, and the wide scope of coverage from one end of Europe reaching into the former Soviet states and beyond, one immediately feels the need for visual aids (maps, timelines, etc.) as guidance. The reader's narration is monotononous, with a very constant cadence which dulls the senses. Each sentence sounds the same as the last. This has the unfortunate effect of rendering each piece of information presented as no more significant than any other, and so all of the events seem to be lost to obscurity. After a while, the narration becomes little more than background noise. No information is retained by the listener 
0 Nothing in this book was usable for me.  Okay, very little.  If I was trying to write the next _Ethan Frome_, then this book would be perfect.  Instead I write sci-fi and fantasy.  I was looking for tips to improve my description of things; this book recommends describing different things.  Too much emphasis on metaphor (which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious).  If you want to write in a way people might actually communicate, this book might be a waste of your time.  HOWEVER, poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than I did 
0 When I found "Hour Game" in paperback at our local library's monthly book sale, I thought I had hit pay dirt.  But I cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as "The Winner" and "Absolute Power" could turn out such a dog.  Long, boring, and confusing.  I fear that Mr. Baldacci hired an "aspiring young writer" to "help" him crank out a quick book. I cannot pass this book along to my friends -- I couldn't do that to them.  It will be tossed into our blue recycle bin.  What a waste.  What a shame. 
0 I was expecting this book to be a great story, but very disappointed. I cannot believe the publisher allowed the author to publish this book as it is. The book is insipid and dull,  has no flow, no story, or no plot. Let me present an example. I have read many insightful Newsweek articles by a writer Allan Sloan. For example, Sloan describes a Sprint merger event in this way, "If talk is getting cheaper, why did MCI WorldCom pay $115 billion to buy Sprint? The once staid phone companies have launched a merger blitzkrieg in an effort to emerge at the center of the wired world. Can regulators handle the complex new order....."  It has a clear logical axis, and has a force to attract readers into it. But Jeter describes it like this,  "The merger announcement of WorldCom and Sprint spurred building activity around Worldcom headquarters as real estate developers readied for economic prosperity. The real estate inventory swelled with new planned unit....." It always presents off-center, trivial detail which makes a reader bored. 70% of books are consumed to described a dry and dull fact, like "the merger of company A & B raised the stock to $X" etc. There is no insight here. But unfortunately, unlike Enron scandal, there is no other book that centered on the Worldcom scandal. You would get much better comprehension by collecting articles in Newsweek or Business Week, if you have LexisNexis or EBISCOhost. 
0 If you are interested in a very traditional approach from a professional photographer, this book will provide lots of information.  It also provides valuable tips about controlling the dog.  But  for my taste, I found the photographic results to be uninspiring - too much posing, too much portraiture lighting, not enough of just plain capturing that  wonderful dog as it is 
0 The worst book I've read (actually, I was listening to the audiobook).  The characters are completely unbelievable and the book is so repetetive that I found myself YELLING at the tape player, "I KNOW, I KNOW ALREADY".  I couldn't stand the torture anymore, I didn't even finish it.  I have enjoyed some of DS's earlier work, but will not buy another 
0 Was not impressed.  Narrow scoped, personal reflections, applications limited.  I also read the male companion book Wild at heart and was also not impressed 
0 Ethan Mordden's editors have allowed him to ruin what could possibly have been a good book.  This is the worst of his books on the various decades of the Broadway musical as the faults of the seventies book have widened into gulfs.  His political ramblings (often just slightly right of Ann Coulter and making as much sense) seep through the book, dragging it down.  The French people are slammed a number of times, along with the ACLU, Burt Lancaster (apparently, according to Ethan a good friend of Stalin) and the left in general, while the author defends Bush (and it does take some looking back over the page to figure out how he fits all this into a book on musical theatre).  The author's train of thought wanders like a bitter old man  all over the page in search of a target, any target.  It is often hard to stomach.  The truly sad fact about this is that the author often has quite cogent things to say about a particular musical and when he does stick to that, it can actually make one want to look at the work again.  An editor should have cleaned the work up before before allowing it on stage to greet its public.  The author is capable of better work 
0 The Scientific Method applied to this book:1) Form a hypothesis:  Great managers do something differently than mediocre managers.2) Conduct an experiment:  Interview 80,000 managers.3) Analyze data: ???this step is missing???4) Draw conclusions: Write this Book.With the exception of the "12 questions", the authors make no attempt to back any their conclusions with the results of their study.  They make several insightful statements, such as "many managers say they would like to define the right outcomes."  However, they do not even attempt to tell the reader how the study led them to this statement.  Did 90% of the managers interviewed state this?  Did 60% of the great managers state this while only 10% of the mediocre managers did?  Does "many managers" mean 100 managers?  100 managers seems like "many managers" at first, but considering 80,000 were interviewed I 100 managers is a negligible amount.  The entire book consists of several rational statements that are not supported by their study.  It seems to me that after conducting a huge study to find out what great managers do differently, the authors found almost no common trends.  However, since they put a lot of money and effort into conducting the study, they needed something to show for it and wrote this book.  If Buckingham and Coffman didn't claim this book was a result of "the largest study of its kind," I would say it offers some decent advice;  however, since it does make this claim, I wish they would have back up their conclusions so the readers would be able to determine how valid they are.   
0 This book was on a very interseting topic. The author took time in studying this topic. It was about the impending world oil shortage. That is the time when we, the world, will run out of oil. It tells you about Hubbert's analysis of the time or year when the world will run out of oil. They then talk about a lot of other things like where oil comes from. Then they talk about where oil is. They also talk about drilling for oil. They say it takes people over 20 drills to find oil. sometimes it will take even more time then that. Then they talk about the size of oil fields. They also reexamine Hubbert's analysis later on in the book. Rate plots is brought up because the more people driving the less oil we will have in the future. They talk about the future to fossil fuels and discuss elctricity and natural gases. They also talk about how much we already have so when oil runs out we need to think about all the stuff we already have. Hubbert was a brilliant man. some gas companys tried to make him stay quiet but he didn't want to he told everybody. The author was ver knowledgable and I could tell he knew what he was talking about.I wouldn't recommend this book to anybody unless they are very smart and want to know about the impending world oil shortage. I say again the author took time in studying this topic but that was his downfall in that he went into to much depth and made it boring. When you read it you can tell the author knew what he was talking about but he got to much into detail which is very boring. I gave it a low rating because I have a short attenion span so it was hard enough for me to make it through this book 
0 I have no idea how this book has received the ratings it has so far. I am a Lead Software Verification Engineer and am a perl programmer (for 10 years now) and found this book a complete waste of time and money. It has zero new ideas. The book tells you how to write standard tests for perl (this could have been accomplished in 2 pages). I love the format of the book. Please look elswhere if you wanna learn about perl or testing or perl testing 
0 John Updike's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading.  But his novels have, from the very first, been precious, over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation.  When he writes fiction, he's like a dog doing tricks for reward.And certainly, the rewards have come.  But for readers outside the US at least, it's all a little mystifying.  John Cheever was a far better writer, yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by Americans as the lesser canon.  Time will correct this mistake, no doubt, but in the meantime Updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this.If I still have your attention, let me recommend the 'Collected Stories' of John Cheever.  Updike could only dream of writing prose like that.  
0 I have read all of Sandra Brown books.I was disappointed in this one. I havealmost all of her books in my bookcase,but when I finished this one I gave itaway.  
0 If you are a Christian, this book isn't for you. It is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must "... forgive God" and that we must love God "... even if He isnt perfect". Kusher even has the will to say that "...God would not be God..." without our love for Him. At one point he reduces God to an aminal saying that in the garden of Eden, when God said "...let US make man in OUR image" he was speking to animals and creation. Kusher explains that God created the world, and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution.  Since when was God in need of forgiveness? Isnt it that "... God so loved the world" and it wasnt us that loved God? I have no words in describing this book. It is full of error, because it does not base it self on the Gospel of Jesus Christ. All this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner, and that it isnt your fault, and that actully you are a good person. Why do bad things happen to good people? Wrong question. There are no good people in the world in the first place. " for all have sinned and come short of the glory of God..." The world is in sin. The world DOES NOT HAVE GOOD PEOPLE!! Only by the grace of God, through faith in Jesus Christ you are made righteous. I beg you in the name of Jesus Christ to stay away from this book. It hasnt helped 4 million people, but it lied to them. Kusher, please turn from your ways and come to Jesus, then will you understand the life question "WHY" 
0 I was raised in Virginia and never understood the details of the Battle of Yorktown. Now I see the big picture and how all the regional events in the glorious cause fit together. Immediately after finishing this book I returned to Yorktown with an entirely different understanding. I could relive the battle as if I had been there during the war. It was fascinating! I never learned this from history books.Male Age 60 
0 When I found "Hour Game" in paperback at our local library's monthly book sale, I thought I had hit pay dirt.  But I cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as "The Winner" and "Absolute Power" could turn out such a dog.  Long, boring, and confusing.  I fear that Mr. Baldacci hired an "aspiring young writer" to "help" him crank out a quick book. I cannot pass this book along to my friends -- I couldn't do that to them.  It will be tossed into our blue recycle bin.  What a waste.  What a shame. 
0 The setting of this book is beautiful, exotic, and interesting. The author, unfortunately, does nothing to take advantage of this. I am shocked that this book could possibly have won a National Book Award. It must mean that either the award itself is meaningless, or that there were some truly dreadful books out that year -- which I doubt. The topic of this book could have been more ably handled by just about anyone else, as far as I am concerned. I can't imagine it being done worse! Tuck's writing style -- short vignettes or episodes, one after another -- is terribly ineffective and disjointed. I felt completely detached from all of the characters. I didn't feel like I gained any understanding of who they were, and was unmoved when they died or otherwise encountered tragedies. Another thing that completely irritated me were Tuck's sexual references. Throughout the novel, Tuck would end her lame vignettes with one or two sentences mentioning some crass sexual encounter (a finger inserted in an unmentionable place or a character participating in a masturbating contest, for example). These sentences seem to be thrown in just to shock or perhaps to intrigue the reader; all they did was gross me out. They were written in such a way that they seemed to have been written by a teenage boy, not an adult woman trying to tell a compelling story. I don't know what Tuck was trying to do in this novel. I think she has failed to write anything that succeeds on any level: It is not entertaining. It is not profound. It is not educational. It is not beautiful. At only 248 pages, I can't say it was even a quick read. Utterly forgettable, once you get past the irritation of having wasted your time reading it. 
0 No longer intended to be a comprehensive reference, the Guinness Book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that aren't even actual records ("Most Overrated Celebrity").  If you're going to do this, why not offer one edition that plays it by the book?So dies a noble institution 
0 I try to read items that I would not necessarily agree with. However, this piece of doggerel is nothing but exagerrations, misquotes, and spin. She uses tacky research to make points that don't exist, then brushes off any critique as "liberal bias". If you are a conservative, please read something that will allow us to discuss matters. Coulters' book should be titled "Slander: Liberal Lies I Made Up. 
0 How can a best-selling author like Simon Winchester take an event as exciting as the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? One answer: write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases. Another: strive to break the record for most clich?s in a single paragraph. Finally: write about events in 1906 as if no one but Simon Winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus, everything in this tedious narrative becomes about Simon. Simon and the raccoons; Simon on the failing American economy; Simon attempting to reproduce American accents. This is a CD set for avoiding 
0 I am not a right winger whatsoever, am against our involvement in the Mid East but did read this book. I can't say it better than Alan Dershowitz who commented about Chomsky's writing in general: many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16 
0 I like Evanovich novels for a light read and a few laughs, and usually her hero and heroine are downright combustible - the Stephanie Plum and Joe Morelli relationship, sustained through 12 books so far, being a case in point. But Full Scoop was actually a trial to get through. I could hear another voice in there which was distracting and interrupted Evanovich's comedic rhythm. The whole tone of the writing was down about five notches from what I have come to expect from Evanovich. The silly villains were either being too goofy or too violent, leaving us wondering were we supposed to be amused or frightened? The least forgivable of the sins committed in Full Scoop was the fact that there was absolutely no chemistry between Maggie and Zack. None at all. So it's hard to label the book: a sort of but not really romance, an almost but not much of a woman-in-danger.... maybe a new genre altogether - the slapstick thriller 
0 I was really looking forward to both the book and the movie. Unfortunately I think both are very much overrated. Character development is non-existent. We're supposed to believe that the haunted, passive, timid character Dave was an all-star shortstop in high school? The book had a great premise and good beginning, but went nowhere interesting. The handling of Dave's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book's most intriguing character. 
0 I am a woman and was extremely offended at the portrayel of Black men in this book and in the movie.  The work offers NO BALANCE whatsoever which feels like a slap in the face.  One Black male in this book could have been something other than weak or cruel.  It is no wonder Spielberg was eager to take on the project and white people are going to the theater in droves.  The castration of the Black male has always been their main attraction, apparently Oprah's as well 
0 It was just that dry and boring I never really connected with any of the characters, I  gave up reading about 3/4ths of the way through 
0 Another parasite feeding off the leavings of much more substantial species.  Or perhaps a more apt ocean-related metaphor would be comparing Malkin's "work" to that of the brainless bivalves that cluster around sewer outflows, or the mindless jellyfish who flow with the ocean currents.  But like the ocean, neo-cons' writings should be taken with more than a grain of salt.By the way, the reviewer below who wants someone named McCracken reported to Amazon.  I'm sure you can take it.  Instead, why don't you campaign for a zero-star feature for reviews.  Or perhaps a fact-checking service for publishers of political vitriol like this work of fiction.  I sure hope no public money has been spent on stuff like this 
0 I had great expectations of this book but the more I read the worse it got. For a person who is supposed to be an 'Orientalist' he sure does hate his subject. Under cover of being a scholar Lewis promotes his neoconservative ideology as serious learning. This ideology is the guiding force behind the troubles in the Middle East today. Powerful people listen to Lewis and follow his advise on how to deal with the Muslim world. Unfortunately this advice comes from a person who has made it a lifelong mission to destroy and defame the very subject he claims to be an expert of 
0 I didn't know why I chose to read this book. Anyway, it was disappointing, really. The book was slow, and it was too long for a story of its type. I mean, I think the book could go on without some of the parts. When I was reading it, I only thought of putting it down because it's making me go crazy. I thought the plot was shallow, but Taylor's self-conflict was even shallower. He kept on blaming himself about his father's death well then it's really his fault! He was a coward. If you don't believe me, go on and read about it... although you might get bored getting to that part because it's towards the end. And I hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with Denise. He was acting really immature! He should have at least thought about Denise but he was too selfish. It really sucked.And yes, I know that this is supposed to be a romance novel... but I kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book. And what did I find? NOTHING. Oh, what a waste. It's like Sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader, it didn't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like.If it hadn't been for my HRR (Home Reading Report) I wouldn't have finished reading this at all.I guess I'm saying this because I'm not into this genre. Love stories are fine but this one... nah 
0 One of the Spotlight Reviewers says that by combining two great characters--Sunny Randall and Jesse Stone--Robert B. Parker has doubled our fun.Quite the reverse.He has cut it in half.The characterizations of Sunny and Jesse are enormously feeble; and the the rest of the characters are no great shakes, either.Sunny's Irish Mafia uncle is a cardboard cutout.  Suitcase Simpson has three funny lines and is heard from no more.  The villains--Buddy, Erin, Missy, Gerard, Moon--are little more than vague names and stereotyping.  Spike is relegated to a scene and a half.Oddly, the only interesting character is a very minor one: Eddie.  But he only stays around for 10 minutesEven the plot is tissue-thin.The love-story is lame; the sex-scenes boring.Worst of all, who should appear but (Christ!) Susan Silverman, from the Spenser series: one of the dampest and most wooden and least interesting characters in fiction.As with "Cold Service" and some others, Parker is just coasting with this one.He is capable of far better. 
0 I am not sure why the author thought he had something to offer on this subject.  There was no original thought or useful lessons on the topic that was promised by the title.  I read this book because it was the subject of an on-line book club for public health leaders but will be much more discriminating in the future regarding the purchase of books that are recommended by this group. 
0 Ripping off King, but with more sex, shallower characters, and a Hollywood ending. Leave it on the shelf 
0 I also bought the hype of NYTimes Best Seller.  Goes to show you some people have really bad taste.  The story was promising and could have been exciting without the awful dialog.  It seems like the author was being paid by the word - too much repetition, entire scenes which added nothing to the story, etc.  I would NEVER purchase another book by this author.  Glad it's over and this ones in the trash can...  Charli 
0 I loved the earlier Nevada Barr mysteries, with their depiction of national parks and natural dangers.  I wasn't as happy with some of her latest efforts, but still hadn't given up on her.  Now I'm not so sure.  This latest novel started off well enough although the idea of two severely traumatized girls should have been a clue as to what would follow. The idea that they were from a polygamous Mormon sect was a red herring.  Perhaps it was Barr's attempt to show us how these girls were abused even before they met evil incarnate. The scenes where Anna realizes who the real villian is and her interaction with him and the poor tortured third traumatized girl went on for over 60 pages. Each scene was more disturbing the one before it. I found myself skimming the pages and still am not sure how she resolved all the loose ends. But I have absolutely no desire to re-read the end of the book and find out.  I wish I could say that I would read another Nevada Barr novel because I so thoroughly enjoyed the first ones. But after reading this disturbing, somewhat convoluted story, I would think twice.  If I did pick up another Anna Pigeon novel, I'd make sure I had something else to read if the story took another dark turn. I would certainly not stick with it to the end. 
0 Just wanted to quickly say I haven't finished it yet, I am only on page 20  but already this book seems very overrated. The author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness, but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views. Instead, he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate, conclusive authority on spirituality, and it's very aloof and, actually, not an enlightened approach at all! I've just started the chapter on Karma and it's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people's opinions clothed as quasi-originality. It looks like I'm going to continue reading with a very cautious, vetting attitude toward the text. The fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as Zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears. Hey, that's the material world for you! 
0 What a disjointed mess, talk about cashing in on fame.  All he did here was take a bunch of columns he wrote in the paper and called it a book.   I could have done better with the letter to the editor section of the paper.  I was not that enamored with Liar's Poker and this book has done it for me with this author.   It was just that the articles were not that relevant any more and his writing is not that good 
0 Probability and Random Processes can be easily approached with grace and elegance so long as the professor and/or writer possess such talents.  All too often Albert Leon-Garcia comes across as a total wacko in the possession neither 
0 Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, etc., continue to put forth the same deceptions that Hal Lindsey popularized decades ago.  The notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture, it is foreign to the teachings of the early Church, and it is grooming the Church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming.  These men are novices and not prophecy "experts" or "scholars" by any stretch of the imagination; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible Christians.  Why continue to be deceived?  Tim Cohen, in his excellent book, The AntiChrist and a Cup of Tea, provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming AntiChrist is known NOW.  Not only that, the same author (Tim Cohen) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture EVER offered to the saints of God in Christ: The REAL Rapture.  If you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture, then you need to hear Tim Cohen's The REAL Rapture (based on a volume in his forthcoming "Messiah, History, and the Tribulation Period" series (see Prophecy House's web site for details on these items) 
0 "The End of Democracy" (2003) is the best answer to this theory 
0 When I realized early on the time I would waste on this assemblage of leftover quips packaged around a absurd concept, I resolved that I would alert other readers. Generally I enjoy this author's works and anticipated this latest tome. I was surprised and dissappointed to find a lengthy novel which did nothing to disguise it's clues or probable developments. Everything was telegraphed and nothing was original. The conclusion was so lame that I was shocked that there was no effort to build suspense or intrigue.My advice is to skip this one and wait for the reviews on his next 
0 I was at the airport, getting ready to fly out to Cali and I found this book in the airport gift shop- I thought what a stroke of luck I had getting a Stephen King title at such a juncture... I'm a huge  fan.Despite the fact that I started and finished the book exactly as the plane took off and landed, I was sorely disappointed.  Much ado about nothing would be an overstatement 
0 I did not read the book but I did look it over carefully.  I was hoping it would be a clear step by step guide to using IBD to apply the CANSLIM method.  There is so much information in the paper that it is not easy to apply all the techniques in an efficient manner.  There are almost too many choices and directions possible.  This book is not a step by step guide nor is it all that clear.  I did find it to be unnecessarily wordy and vague.  It just seems to go over the whole paper in a long winded fashion but does not get down to the nuts and bolts of &quot;Smart Investing&quot; as I was hoping it would.  Refer to William O'Neil's books for better guidance about how to invest.  Also, if you are a subscriber, there is a large amount of useful information on the IBD website at Investors.com 
0 just awfulsave your money, this book is not worth it. The pictures are dull and lifeless, boring composition. Mann hasn't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos. Any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better. 
0 This book was great.  I especialy liked the chapter where Bill sticks a falafel in his co-worker's hoo-hah.  Priceless 
0 I have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly.  There are a lot of good books out there, Dan Harrington's the very best, but this isnt one of them.  Too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
0 Ann Coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality.  To her there is no middle ground.    I am an educated, well travelled adult who while born in the United States, spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded.  To be called a communist, a traitor, and an enemy of America just because I don't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on.I have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it's evil, until I read this one.Be afraid, be very afraid of these people 
0 i have read 208 pages and i am bored with this book. i don't think i can finish it 
0 It all depends on who you are if you will like this book.  Republicans will like it but Democrats or people with brains won't. 
0 "The number" poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers. A four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom, even if it is a number. Eisenberg's number is the inverse of that draw down, or twenty-five times.... well, there's the rub, twenty-five times what? income? expenses? income less savings? projected discretionary spending? Post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses? The proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants, experts, philosophers, and casual acquaintances. Eisenberg, a former Esquire editor and short-timer with Lands End, ruminates about a simple question: How much money do you need to feel secure? The problem is that security comes in multiple forms: happiness, comfort, excess consumption, ego. And the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be. Constructing a one-year budget is hard enough. Constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible.Eisenberg doesn't help his case by the offbeat and idiosyncratic examples and profiles he chooses. Doctors, divorcees, `downshifters', and very little real data shed little light on the real issues. Maybe I knew too much going in. Maybe I expected too much from a few positive references from other sources. In the middle I was confused. By the end I was simply disappointed. And I have my own number, and it changes every day 
0 The author is a journalist, but he seems straight out of the Chamber of Commerce or a right-wing think tank. Like business elites, the author basically does not particularly like democracy. In his view societies should be run by elites from several areas - even authoritarians if needed. He is a proponent of constitutional liberalism, based on laws, rights, especially property rights, separation of powers, with much of that power being held in unelected bodies, and most of all free-market capitalism. He finds that set of conditions to be far more important than the exercise of democracy. His low regard for democracy is easily seen in his minimal interest in the manner in which a society of laws is created or even its exact nature and who benefits. Most in the West do care. Rights and legal systems are not neutral: the manner of construction determines relative winners and empowerment. Though the author's real target is US society, he looks at the results of democracy over the world. And of course, he finds plenty of examples where democracy doesn't work. A country in the grip of fanatics will invariably elect and support leaders who are little concerned with rights and legalisms. But it is ridiculous to imply that those situations have any bearing on democracy in the US. In the US, the author is most concerned with what he calls the democratization of society over the last fifty or so years. In actuality, he is focusing on mass culture that is spread through mass consumption as vigorously promulgated by globalizing capitalism. In this era, elites in finance, business, law, banking, health care, various media, etc have likewise been swept up, in fact are the driving force, in a money-first culture. He contends that such elites once had an ethos of service and basically kept our democracy on track via subtle pressures on the masses. It is simply a cynical misrepresentation to hold that massive shopping at Wal-mart and the like represents democratic empowerment. The actual test of democracy would be the ability of a community to stop the Wal-mart juggernaut. He especially decries direct citizen actions. He is correct to observe that referenda and initiatives have had unintended consequences, often being usurped by special interests with deep pockets. However, he little notes that citizens have taken those routes due to the unresponsiveness of legislative processes. It's hard to take seriously the stance that the robber barons of the late 19th century, and their heirs, should be viewed as elites who kept our democracy on course, after bribing entire state legislatures as well as members of Congress to accumulate vast sums. If citizens had actually been democratically empowered, such distortions of the political process could have been prevented. The theme that cash sanitizes crooks is as American as apple pie. His view that such unelected bodies as the Supreme Court and the Federal Reserve Board prevent illiberal democracy is also questionable. Who could be unaware of the politicization of those bodies: the embarrassing handling of the presidential election of 2000 or the cheerleading role of the Fed during the stock market bubble of the late 1990s benefiting financial elites? No, rule by elites has very frequency distorted and usurped democracy, not buttressed it. If the author put journalism first, instead of being an apologist for 21st century capitalism, he would note the death grip that corporations now have over our society and the political process, actually foiling democracy. First and foremost that control is solidified through the mass media and the education system, distorting and muting all challenging ideas. It is not surprising that Americans have been unable to mount any significant challenge to this latest version of laissez-faire, free-market capitalism that is involved in such harmful developments as free-trade agreements, worker visa programs, massive immigration, out-of-control energy policies, broken health care systems, huge cutbacks in various safety net programs, massive redistribution of wealth upwards, the gutting of our manufacturing base, etc. The list could go on. Informed, empowered citizens would not permit this system of corporate rule to exist. The US most decidedly is not in a state of too much democracy, but is in the throes of democratic failure, which election hoopla very conveniently disguises periodically. This is the story of democracy that the author chooses to ignore. It is surprising to see the fairly high ratings of this book. Americans are supposedly fiercely democratic. Yet here is a book that clearly advocates elite rule, even anti-democratic generals if need be. The book is really worth reading only to see the willingness of some to contain citizen empowerment.  
0 Old fan as I am, this one (and quite a few of the later ones) was a huge disappointment. Badly written, obvious plot, even more cartoonish characters than usual. Time for Cussler to retire methinks.... 
0 The author makes a couple of valuable points. First, any long-term investment strategy has to take into account the existence of recurrent "secular" (i.e., indefinitely long) bear markets. Most leading investment advisors recommend a "buy and hold" strategy, but this only works during predominately bull market periods. Most studies of successful investment strategies are biased towards the recent 1982-1999 bull market, which is anomalous in historical terms. The author uses a plethora of graphs and charts to prove that "buy and hold" doesn't always provide the best returns. Obviously, then, it's better to pull out during the bear markets, but that's easier said than done. The author provides a very complete analysis of the characteristics of bear markets, including P/E ratio, interest and inflation rates, and GDP. The problem is that those characteristics don't always correlate with market performance. For example, this book was written in 2004 and the author predicted a bear market. Well, if you heeded his advice, you would have missed the bull market of 2004, 2005 and early 2006, especially in small-mid caps and foreign stocks. Even with high P/E ratios, a bull market can continue for several years: witness the late 90s. It's virtually impossible to time the market even if you monitor the major stock indexes on a daily basis. There is so much volatility on a daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly basis that's it's impossible to know when the market has switched directions. By the time that it is apparent, it's too late to profit. Even in the midst of great bull markets, there might be week, month, or even year-long downturns. The author says nothing about individual stock picking, beyond a general value approach. The book is all about big picture, long term trends. Another problem is that the author's predictions are based on his analysis of market trends going back to 1900. But the market (and economy) is a different beast now that it was in the 40s, 50s, 60s, and 70s. As they say, past performance does not predict future returns. The investment advice provided here is not useful. He suggests a "portfolio of hedge funds," ignoring the fact that most hedge funds require a minimum deposit of 500K. He also recommends a "bond ladder," an approach which can be easily replicated with a good bond mutual fund, and frequent rebalancing of your portfolio asset allocations. I don't need to spend $25 and five hours reading to learn that!One thing I did learn from this book is the impact of volatility, which is often ignored in investment strategy recommendations. Volatility cuts into returns in ways that most studies do not account for. Most studies just average the returns across years, but that doesn't reflect real returns. Let's say you invest $100k into a stock that returns 35% the first year and -15% the second. Your average return should be 10% a year, right? Wrong. At the end of the first year you have 135k. Minus 15% the second year leaves you with 115k total, equal to 7% a year compounded. If you had received 10% a year compounded, your final total would be over 121k. That's 6k difference in just 2 years, and the volatility costs add up.The book is very poorly written, plodding, sooooo boring, with tons of repetition. Just as an example, the graph showing the "Y curve" relationship between P/E ratio and inflation is repeated no less than 3 times. 
0 Way too much unusable information.  I kept waking up throughout the book, hoping to get to the parts about day-trading I could put into practice.  (It never happened 
0 check out page 67 of the book for a basic reason why this book is useless:an entire page of a ftp session downloading openldap.  huh?  How is this helpful?  getting the right version of BerkeleyDB and installing it, or installing and configuring OpenSSL would have been far more helpful to me.This is another book composed mostly of cut 'n paste from the man pages, header files and varous scripts you can find with google.Discussion on basic topics such as replication skips over key steps, examples for many issues are not provided or are hidden in the book.  I use LDAP at work and I used the O'Reilly book to instal, configure and use OpenLDAP.  I have yet to find a question that Deploying OpenLDAP can answer that I can't get faster with google 
0 The amount of violence in this book is excessive over relatively insignificant motives.  I had a hard time believing all this was happening in 1948.  I am not questioning Mosley's portrayal of racism.  However, I did a little research into just how violent place Los Angeles was in 1948, and the answer is not very.  There may have been poverty, racism, alcholism, but L.A. county seemed pretty safe; the late 1940s had some of the lowest homicide rates since as far back as one researcher was able to find, 1827!  Mosley may have been more familiar with L.A. of the 1970s and 1980s and just assumed that it had always been that way.  Throw in speakeasies, gangsters hijacking liquor trucks, and one gets the impression that Mosley is confusing the 1948 with 1928.I am not so pedantic as to insist that fiction be historically accurate.  But many, many people hail Mosley for depicting a dark side of life/era/place that had not been shown before.  From what I can tell, he has simply combined stereotypes from the 1920s and 1970s (I guess those years average to be about 1948).  Mosley is depicting a fantasy world of his own creation.  However, I doubt he ever tried to pass it off as authentic, and I hope readers realize that it is not.Easy Rawlins in this novel falls into the rather weak, but unfortunately large, group of fictional detectives that actually accomplish little detecting.  A detective actually solves a mystery using his own intellect; that is interesting to read.  Detectives in less skilled hands solve mysteries via  confession.  Easy does solve one of the murders on his own, but just about everything he "solves" is simply confessed to him.  I find that extremely dissatisfying.Mosley has packed the book with violence, but seems to know very little about violence himself.  None of the fights are well described.  Easy, for being a self-professed "killing machine" can't actually fight worth a damn and is surrounded by guns but does not apparently know anything about them.  They are either big or they are small.  He does not come of as being hard-boiled, but rather a pathetic braggartMosley does show signs of being a very good writer.  But I think he is too far over his head in this genre to come up with something exceptional.  I imagine that his work must have improved, but this effort is nothing to get exceited over.  And again, I don't obsess over accuracy, but a little bit of research would have gone a long way in firming the foundation of this novel. 
0 I wonder if Jance wrote this just to get a movie credit based on her novel. One cannot help but be suspicious of writers who shift gears in their careers and write in a Tom Clancy or John D. Macdonald style just because that's what film-going audiences like. I do not think this is a bad thing, but I, like some of the reviewers here, are so fed up with clich plots that just borrow from i.e., Macdonald's &quot;Cape Fear,&quot; or use that tired Native American romanticism that certainly sells the box office tickets through the roof. As for her writing style, she really should stay away from those scenes where character developments have not fully grown. What we're left with are people who are one dimensional like both the Walker parents, Davy, his fiancee, and to some extent, Lani, who just never convinced me that she had the fire of the budding Medicine Woman. Her male voice is very forced machismo that is typical of female writers who are testosterone-challenged. The men in this novel just weren't credible when they spoke. I kept seeing Jance speaking for them. So we're left with a high-concept piece that is still waiting for Hollywood to call and possibly star Penelope Cruz as Lani Walker. What's the Tohono O'otham word for &quot;2 thumbs down?&quot 
0 I would very much like to know the names of all the songs contained in this book BEFORE I decide to buy it.How may I access the "contents" page listing all the songs in this book?PETER de NIES 
0 Less a view from afar or broad exposure of solitude from the human condition, this book more aptly excerpts the author's personal conflicts with human relationships.....a one-on-one wrestling match with the Self with no spectators and no judges. The book is a good read for academic analysis, but not so fun for venturist philosophy 
0 Gary Zukav states in his introduction "I had never studied physics. In fact I didn't like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.On Opra (TV) he admitted that he does not have a TV which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth.I noticed that some reviewers refer to the "New Physics" is that like "New Age" or voodoo physics? 90% of the matter must be missing from this book. Or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of. He even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose. Many people say they did not understand physics until this book; Surprises, you still do not. You now know what Zukav wished physics was. Take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater. And the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats.At least get it straight before mixing it up. Try reading some of these:"The Ascent of Man by Jacob Bronowski". The book available everywhere the DVD's available from the UK."The Upanishads" by Eknath Easwaran (Editor), Michael N. Nagler (Photographer)Or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion.Then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner:"The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism" by Fritjof Capra.Also on the fringe but not as radical as Zukav is a series called "What the Bleep." (both in books and on video) 
0 [the above is an actual quote from the book]I don't usually read romances, but got this one at the library.  I thought: Thriller.  Hijacked plane, navy seal...all the right stuff.And the beginning was promising.  Stan fixes everything, and has a human side to him that was compelling.Then the plot hit the fan!  As a thriller it stunk.  The highjacking was interwoven into the plot weakly, as an after thought.  The romantic "tension" between the protagonists was forced and irritating.  The dialogue is mundane.  The message that horniness leads to true romantic (Sam and Alyssa) love is rubbish.The only worthwhile character was the highjacked girl, and I think it was brave of the author to not have her come out unscathed.The historic (WWII) componant was interesting.But overall, I kept asking who the audience is for this book.  Not lovers of thrillers like me--and I wonder, do romance readers even care about a highjacked plane, or was that just getting in the way of wondering whether Teri will ever tell Sam that she loves him! 
0 I ordered this book after reading the rave reviews and the who's who of public school using this format.  Nowhere is it advertised or even mentioned that this is a Christian book, espousing Christian dogma and assumptions.  I'm surprised this is acceptable for use by Government funded public schools.  Furthermore, there is a lot of non-scientific rhetoric in the book that eschews logical debate and exposition.  I'm very disappointed and consider this to be false advertising.  Some of the parenting tips are common sense that I didn't think needed to be reiterated.  A person already interested enough in buying a book would already have the basics down.  I was looking for more than that.  The advertising led me to believe that the book would be about language manipulation, how to speak more effectively with children to ease the learning process.There is false logic in some of the parental mistakes.  An example is always attributing "hovering parents" to ego issues, that a parent "needs to be needed".  Some hovering parents are survivors of abuse and can't see the lines between normal risks and when a child is in real danger.  False assumptions leads to false conclusions.  I gave this  2 stars with the thought that someone who is so out of the loop and a danger to their child may read this book-at least could adopt some common sense.  But it isn't helping my family.  
0 I found this book at a thrift store for 25 cents. I flipped though it and it looked dated, but interesting, so I decided to get it.As other reviewers mention, it is dated -- but you gotta know that up front when you get it. It's published in 1986, when there were no (well, almost no) home computers. So you have to accept up front that it's talking about organizing papers using more papers -- but that's something we still all got to do occasionally.So it's a system of notepads, file folders, etc. It does help you try to understand why you want to keep papers, etc, and what you can do about it. However, it does get overly complex, and really doesn't seem applicable in today's world, where there are far fewer "homemakers" who spend time organizing sewing and recipe files, as this book seems to be focused on.Finally, I have to mention that it was the continual religion-related references that put me off to the book in the end. Others who are comfortable with this may not even notice it, but for me, I felt I was being preached to a bit too much to find it tolerable. Just my personal taste; I'm sure some others will disagree with this judgement, but I have to admit after enough casual religion references tossed randomly throughout the text, I gave up on the book and put it in the recycle bin 
0 Before I bought the Pasajes series, I was relieved to see the (then) mostly positive reviews.  However, I really feel like the overall review score of 4.5 stars is very, very misleading.  I would not, in good faith, be able to recommend this series of books for learning Spanish.  This series of books was VERY confusing and EXTREMELY difficult to work with.  Some of the many issues with using this series of books to learn spanish:1) the concepts are not clearly explained (they invented a "new" english word for one) and the exercises are excessively complicated and do not give you enough practice with the vocabulary/concepts to feel confident using them.  2) Frequently, new words, phrases and concepts are introduced in the middle of a lesson about something else, via a footnote, with no further explaination provided!!  This is SUPER frustrating and distracting!3) Using this series of books is very cumbersome, the books are not well coordinated with one another, and do not appear to reinforce each other's concepts or vocabulary.I'm very sorry, but these books are just terrible, and 4.5 stars is not at all reflective of the quality of these books... Using this series of books has taken ALL the fun out of learning Spanish, which I used to enjoy.  If you have the option to use different books, take it 
0 I have loved many of Jodi Picoult's other books, but this one seemed too far-fetched. I did not feel the evil depicted in the comic book drawings was necesary to the storyline and in-fact detracted from it.  Many of my friends who are Jodi fans were also disappointed in this newest release 
0 This book is a sure snooze-fest. Luckily for me I did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class. We read selected chapters of the book.They writing was horrible. Many parts were unclear. I had to reread what I read over and over. I can't stand this style of writing. Barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent. Instead, he comes off as boring and pretentious.Skip this book... try something else 
0 "American Buffalo" was recommended to me by a fellow thespian because he thought this was raw and fantastic.  It is indeed raw, but not at all fantastic.  The dialogue is very choppy and I felt out of the loop with it - as if I missed some great detail.  Perhaps this is a play that needs to be enjoyed when seen performed, rather than just read. I do not recommend 
0 Maybe it was me, but I kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and I had to put it down.  It was almost aggravating 
0 Though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one, the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by OBs. At one point, the author actually defends episiotomies... she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her, and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth. It was both infuriating and saddening.If you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little, this is cute. If you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU! 
0 While I realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book, it reminds me of the story, "The Emperor has no clothes".  Yes, Choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes, the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying.  The "flipping back and forth" was not accomplished in a smooth, flowing manner.  In addition, the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved.  The kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived.  It would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone 
0 There's no need to be wordy.1. Biochemistry is a natural science2. Natural science is defined as the "the rational study of the universe via rules or laws of natural order"3. Intelligent design impliesA) Extraterrestrial design-- unlikely, although possibleB) Some nonphysical entity4. If B, we are no longer in the realm of scienceEven if Behe or proponent of ID feel Darwinian evolution to be inadequate, for an alternative proposal to be called scientific, it must be "based on observable, empirical, measurable evidence, and subject to laws of reasoning". This is basic scientic method. I learned it in middle school. Behe perhaps needs to be retaught.Source: wikipedia[... 
0 I had never read any of  Vernor Vinges books before, but i had heard he was an excellent author, so I thought I would try this.  Boy, am I glad I bought it used on Amazon for about only $4.  I simply had no idea what was going on in this novel. The plot is unintelligible. I dont know what the Bioweapon  the jacket refers to is? I dont know what "the Rabbit" is.  I see that numerous other reviews here, did not know what was going on either. I do not understand how someone could write so incoherently. The concept of someone who had Alzheimers getting cured & entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere.  The only reason I did not fall asleep, was that I was trying to figure out what was going on, but I did could not  even finish this book 
0 A generation before there was a Left Behind, there was The Late Great Planet Earth by Hal Lindsey and C. C. Carlson. This is the book that broke the dispensationalist view of the end times into the consciousness of America. A phemomenal best seller, it was a watershed event in the growing Christian publishing industry. For many Christians, their first reading of this book was an energizing event that shaped their future. A generation later, many of its former supporters now see in its pages a complete misreading of Holy Scripture, sensationalistic attempts to correspond Biblical prophecies to current events, and an unhealthy enthusiasm for seeing the world obliterated.So why bother with what can easily be written off as paranoid millenarianism? Well, while many have outgrown its simplistic approach to world events, it still resounds for much of the Church and this is shown in the continued audience for books by Lindsey and other "prophecy pundits." While it is certainly true that Tim LaHaye has replaced Lindsey as the popular voice of dispensationalism, it cannot be denied that Left Behind was made possible by this book.Part of the commercial success of both authors has to do with their placing the dispensationalist view in a popular book form. For LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins, it was the pulp novel. Back in 1970, Lindsay and C. C. Carlson did the same with a popular genre of their day - the sensationalistic expose. Like most books of this type (e.g., The Bermuda Triangle, Chariots of the Gods?, The Philadelphia Experiment, The Population Bomb), it is written in a breezy soundbite style that is long on conjecture and short on facts. Like most of these books, it was a peculiar period piece of American life at a time when the fabric of the nation seemed to be coming apart at the seams. Like most of these books, it is laughable in retrospect.If the book were out of circulation and I were reviewing this for historical purposes, I would almost be tempted to give it a free pass as a kitschy period piece...sort of a fundamentalist lava lamp. The original was so over the top and written with such enthusiasm one could almost have forgiven the fact that the authors got everything wrong. After all, it was the 1970's when wild conspiracy theories, distrust of any traditional authority, and predictions of impending disaster were all the rage. When viewed within a time frame that produced predictions of a soon to be ice age, a UFO invasion, a famine around the corner, and California falling into the Pacific Ocean, the authors' claims of the coming Armageddon look downright trendy.However, in the intervening years, the revisions of this book just kept piling up. Make a bad prediction? No problem, edit the book with the old gaffes removed, add a few trendier predictions, and release it as a new book. Lindsey, now well into middle age and hurtling towards his golden years, still clings to the long discredited dispensationalist hypothesis (Carleton's contribution is more stylistic) despite his failed scenarios. Lindsey's original view was that the end times events would take place in the 1980s (he even wrote a book The 1980's: Countdown to Armageddon trumpeting this belief). Well that didn't pan out, so he then jumped on the Y2K bandwagon (another of his books was Planet Earth 2000 A.D.: Will Mankind Survive?). Oops, wrong again. First communism was the main source of evil in the world but more recently it is Islam (a more recent book is The Everlasting Hatred: The Roots of Jihad). When one bogeyman falls, he is quick to insert a new one in its place.Between the failed predictions, the hilarious misreadings of the original languages, the bizarre correlations between apocalyptic symbolism and modern military technology, and the hysterical pleading for contemporary events fulfilling the Biblical prophecies "right before our eyes", it is not surprising many of those energized by this book became convinced of the imminent end of all things. This trend continues to this day for the many followers of dispensationalist worldview as they are perpetuated in the many novels based on dispensationalist beliefs - notably the Left Behind series of novels.If you can find a copy of the original version from 1970, it can be interesting in much the same way as a Brady Bunch episode - not for its merit but as an example of a particular moment in the consciousness of the fundamentalist subculture at a particular time. Just as many Catholics have vivid memories of nuns and the Baltimore Catechism, fundamentalists of that era will never forget this book and the movie A Thief in the Night.However, for the reedited version here presented as a guide to interpreting biblical prophecy, it is best to pass. For all its success as a cultural marker, its usefulness in properly understanding Biblical prophecy is basically nil. For this, its original purpose, The Late Great Planet Earth is completely worthless. 
0 I looked for an introduction to the basics of Office automation and bought this book.  Every example code I tried was incorrect and the examples are just all trivial.  Samples from the MSDN was just as good as this book.If you only need a rough overview what technologies are out there, this book is OK.  But for any real programming it is not very useful. 
0 I recently read Robert Monroe's first book, "Journeys Out of Body" and found it to be a disappointment - it was just weird. As I noted in my review of that book, I had hoped that the author would discuss his use of sound, for which he is allegedly noted. As I purchased this book at the same time and had nothing else to read, I thought I'd give it a try. The book did start out with a brief discussion of some of his "research" and I thought that, perhaps, this book might actually have some real substance. That belief; however, quickly disappeared. By the time I had reached the half-way point in the book, nothing remained but a schizophrenic quagmire of incomprehensible gibberish. How does total garbage like this manage to get printed?!There are those that claim that Monroe was a highly left-brained individual who delved into the realm of the creative right-brain. If this book is any indication, one can't help but wonder if Monroe was missing his entire left hemisphere! There is nothing logical or, for that matter, even coherent in the babble spewed across the endless pages of this book. It would have been worthwhile if Monroe had actually described his experiments and resulting data in a scientific manner. Instead, he chose to spew his incoherent ramblings about his own, personal, dream experiences: these wander so aimlessly, from paragraph to paragraph, that one can't help but wonder what real point, if any, he was trying to make.The really sad thing is that I had really hoped to find a genuinely scientific study of his work - I was actually quite interested in the topic. Having now been subjected to two of his useless books, I'm amazed that they're still in print. This is pseudo-science at its absolute worst. 
0 "Dark Tort" was inoffensive and certainly not painful to read, but for a novel that's supposed to be part of a quirky, light mystery series, I found things a bit leaden.  The book took forever to get past the opening scene where the body was discovered, and when we finally do move beyond that scene, a huge tangle of clues and suspects quickly built up that slowed things down even further.  I do admit that it also doesn't help that I'm one of those people who can't suspend disbelief and have to ask, "...so she's an off-site caterer yet she continually runs across dead bodies whose murderers need to be identified?"  But, that's just me.  Oh, well... many of the recipes did sound good, though I doubt I'll get around to making any of them.This is one of those reviews where it's probably best to just say that if you liked the previous entries in this series (which I personally haven't read but suspect aren't much different than this one), you'll likely enjoy this installment, too.  The rest of us can just wait for the latest Robert B. Parker "Spenser" novel for our light mystery fix.  
0 The author shows she is obviously making a transition from poetry to prose with this novel.  Her sentences are long and wordy, and her numerous metaphors make little sense in their context.  She goes to great lengths to describe many little and unimportant details, causing the actual story to suffer from lack of content.  Her descriptions of life in general seem unreal - she describes things and events in a way that no person would do in the circumstance.The storyline is decent in some places, but it is generally hard for the reader to follow.  Many times, I had to go back to read paragraphs and pages again to realize where the author was going.  It is true there were many points in which I wanted to stop reading all together, which is a rarity.I was altogether disappointed in the book.  I thought it would be decent, from all the literary awards it had won, but it really was just pages of fluff and poetry disguised as prose 
0 Apparently the difference between a criminal act (theft) and moral redistribution of income is 1) who you steal from (stealing from the wealthy, of course, is moral -- according to Rawls and Bolsheviks), and 2) who receives the loot (the non-wealthy makes it moral), and 3) who commits the act (the state/society, of course also makes theft moral; example - taxation), and 4) your intentions (redistribution of income). To look at this another way, if your neighbor breaks into your house and steals your money, that's a crime (unless your neighbor is poor -- which would then be moral and Justice, according to Rawls' formula). If the community comes into your house and steals from you, it's legal and moral Justice, again, according to Rawls. Because, according to Rawls, if, before you were born, you were to vote with everyone on how physical world society should be structured, you'd vote to have the state guarantee that everyone was equal, or they would be compensated somehow for being born (unjustly) less-equal. How? By compensating those with less by stealing from those with more. So those with more would be like oh, say ... a milk-cow who gets milked to serve those with less. So those with more would become a resource, or state-owned slaves to those with less ... because "society" (the Robin Hoods and Rawls of the world) deemed this as moral Justice. Rawls does not take into account those who are willing to take on risk, entrepreneurs, students of life who work to earn an "A" vs. students who earn an "F". He points out that many people are born into difficult situations through no fault of their own. True. But that does not implicate those within society who are born into better situations as the cause, nor are those who are born into better situations responsible for making up the difference. Forcing the "wealthier" ones to be accountable for the unfairness within life and pay the bill isn't Justice or moral. It would simply be an unjust law. Some people see Rawls' theory as a blueprint for a future generation utopia (like the Bolsheviks envisioned Marxism). I see it as an insane blueprint for slavery, and a powerful dis-incentive for earning personal reward and merit. In a sense, this book is an argument against the individual. It sees the world through a blurred lense where the author only recognizes masses of people -- he doesn't recognize any individuals (unless they were born as victims). Curious. How do you experience life ... as a group-mind (an oxymoron if there ever was one), a collective? Or as a unique, isolated, independent, individual? There should be societal incentives to help each other. Okay. But when it is forced (theft of property always implies force), it is no longer an issue of morality or justice -- it's simply a law. Without personal choice being involved there is no morality as an issue, by definition. Transforming advantaged individuals into mules forced to carry the burdens of the world is a definition of justice for whom? 
0 There were so many continuity errors and spelling problems in this book that I had to stop. Trying to follow two-dimensional characters are difficult enough.  I was just looking for a good fiction book that contained gay themes, characters or both.  I got the gay but not the story 
0 First off I'd like to tell you that this is only the second Star Wars book I've ever read, 'Jedi Search' being the first. I actually liked the first book, it drew upon the Star Wars lore well and was a decent read. However, this book made me groan in so many places that I felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it (BE WARNED, THIS MAY CONTAIN A FEW SPOILERS). Thusly:How much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions? It reminds me of a 'Little Britain' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the Bible out to make up the space! I don't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point!For some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to 'ground' the story by CONSTANTLY relating to the Star Wars films. For example, when Wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there, he says something along the lines of: I was actually in the cantina in Mos Eisley when Luke met Han and Chewbacca, little did I know the brush I had with history there.... GAHHHHHHH!!! WHY!? HOW DID HE KNOW!? it didn't need it!! *bangs head on desk*He does this throughout the two books I've read so far!! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without 'proving' that it's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films?Then there's Admiral Daala. Made an Admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking.... so what is she doing in this? she's reviewing recordings of speeches given by Tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing! It's only the end of the second book and she's down to 1 star destroyer! She should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens. (i.e. the rebellion win)He then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea, that of having a Jedi Academy (the point of the trilogy!). There's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the Jedi, but no - he has the Jedi go two-by-two into the forest (holding hands?) to *sense* things... it's meant to be a sci-fi series! something could have been done to make this SO much better!I was incensed to find that Luke was actually made 'boring' in this book. Part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how Luke had grown. It all started very promisingly in the first book, having learnt that Luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever! (cool! I thought). It got to the stage where I'd dread coming back to the Jedi parts of the story because he was so dull.The other trainee Jedi needed serious character development (they were 1 dimensional!) - entering every scene with Luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just wasn't good enough.As other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue, somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre (great idea btw!! we need more of that!) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters... and Luke just meditates about it!? *grr*Okay all that being said it was 'okay' and on the strength of the first book I will be reading the next book (it's like a car accident - you've just got to look!). 
0 No doubt about it.  This book covers the history of the Border Patrol.  However, it falls far short of what it ostensibly bills itself and ends up more as a "fluff piece" than anything else.As someone who has not only served as a Senior Border Patrol Agent (13 years) but also a Border Patrol union president and outspoken critic of the agency, I have studied this agency inside and out without the affects of tunnel vision that typically accompany the job (many say a necessity).  Pacheco, as an active agent (when he wrote the book at least), appears headed in the right direction with the book and then suddenly veers off target.  His somewhat ambiguous message that border security is a difficult task is obviously an attempt to straddle the line (I apologize for the pun) so as not to appear too contentious or controversial.  Did he need to seek agency approval for publication since he was actively employed?  If so, then the credibility issue leaps out and the book is worth the historical content alone if nothing else.  If he did not need agency approval and was truly writing without restraint, then he failed to accurately convey the real state of the Border Patrol and border security.  Simply put, the Border Patrol, as with most of the Homeland Security subcomponents is disintegrating.  Remember the incompetence of FEMA (a Homeland Security subcomponent)?  Well, multiply that incompetence times ten.  Heard about the poor morale of FEMA employees?  Multiply that problem by one-hundred and you have an accurate picture of the Border Patrol.  A Border Patrol in which the vast majority of otherwise employable agents spend ninety-percent of their time trying to get out.  Those that choose to stay in do so only because of the comparatively worse off agencies in DHS.  The bottom line is that as a former agent, I lose sleep at night knowing what I know.   Pacheco did cover the rigorous training regimen accurately even if it bordered on propaganda.  That alone may attract candidates to the difficult and completely unrewarding position of U.S. Border Patrol Agent.  The field stories are completely unappealing to anyone who served more than a week in a law enforcement position unless they are reading about their own exploits.  Read the book for enjoyment and homage.  Just don't expect critical analysis.  In fact, this book would be an enjoyable read at Stewarts Bridge (for you IB agents in San Diego). 
0 When I found out Francis Collins has written a book about his faith, I ordered it the same day.  After all, we seemed to be following the same path.  I earned a PhD in Molecular Biology in 1981 and had several `firsts' in the area of gene cloning.  Then I found Christ as a 40-year-old.  My transition was from a semi-serious Jew to a Materialist to a serious Christian.  Hearing about Dr. Collins' spiritual walk had me intrigued.His book should be entitled "a Politician Presents Evidence for Belief".  It is a completely uncritical view of the last twenty years of biological research.  The Human Genome Project is elevated to status of "bridge to a momentous new era".  Hogwash.  Hype is the term I would use.  The Dept. of Energy was duped into footing the bill because the National Institutes of Health saw it as a waste of resources.  The author couldn't make a better case for the payoff than to show humans have more `junk DNA' than previously thought.Dr. Collins then explained Darwinian gradualism as if it were dogma.  This oversimplification is typical of those who never studied Biology except at a Medical School.  This is not entirely his fault, however, since many scientific journals will not publish research where evolution isn't perfectly gradual and perfectly random.  Their motivation should be perfectly obvious, but it's not even on Dr. Collins' radar.  He also uses Mendel's peas as a pivotal point in our understanding of genetics, assuming the reader would be ignorant that Mendel's data was `dry-labbed'.Usually an author who writes on this subject is strong in either Biology or Theology.  Dr. Collins relies on two sources for his treatise on Theology: St. Augustine and  C.S. Lewis.  I happen to agree with him that the Creation Story and the books of Job and Song of Solomon have a "lyrical and allegorical flavor".  I would include the Book of Jonah in that category as well.  However, there is an entire literature on the subject that is completely overlooked.The only time Dr. Collins makes a strong case for anything, it is to refute Edward O Wilson, Richard Dawkins, and their minions.  Even then, he uses a quote from the late Stephen Jay Gould for his most scathing criticism.  Francis Collins is the consummate politician--he takes a stand without offending anyone.  Dr. Collins knows that Jesus was not a politician, and He did not worry about offending the intellectual elites of his time. Take this quote from Mat 23:14 "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation."  Dr. Collins' book claims to be a middle ground for theists and scientists.  In my opinion it is a  piece of fluff and a narcissistic retelling of the Human Genome Project myth. 
0 Even if somehow Bin Laden did pick up this book and for some reason decide to read it he would not stick with it to learn the lesson that his victims are real average struggling people.  The fictional letter/diary to Bin Laden from the mother of a fictional attack victim from an Arsenal-Chelsea soccer game which eleven suicide bombers interrupted is so boring Bin Laden would give it away before learning what the author wants him to.  The mother just waffles on and on and on and on and on taking forever to get to the point of what she wants to say in any paragraph.  If Bin Laden is ever captured maybe force him to read this as torture or something.  Also why does Chris Cleve chose to glorify Bin Ladden by crediting him with a new attack when lets face it he hasn't achieved much since September 11 2001 other than be the world hide and seek champion cowering in a cave somewhere.  This book would have been more realistic and made more sense as a letter to the IRA, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad or one of the current more frequently operating groups. Alternatively base it on a fictional mother of a fictional character on one of the planes or in the World trade Centre.  A good concept for a book but poorly written and to be quite frank, extremely boring!        
0 I started reading this immediately after the last REH compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling. While REH was first and foremost a story teller, Pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous Alcibiades. This, as previous reviewers have mentioned, creates a large gap between reader and story. But why do this? Why use such a crappy method of story telling? I guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue. All in all, it's a slow, uninspired, day dream story. So crappy that I felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews.I want my money back 
0 I am not a student.  I wanted to read The Great Gatsby but I had no one with whom I could discuss the story.  I decided in a momentary lapse of judgment to supplement my reading with the Cliffs Notes.  Unfortunately, it was full of grammatical errors and what I found to be very superficial commentaries 
0 Having been a fan of Antonia Fraser for many years, I highly anticipated her biography of Queen Marie-Antoinette, but have been very disappointed in that she often chooses the sensational over the factual. She depicts Marie-Antoinette's mother Empress Maria Theresa as heartless and calculating for sending her daughter to France at age 14 to get married, but arranged marriages were the norm; the empress was not doing anything out of the ordinary. What startled me most is that Fraser not only insists on Antoinette having an affair with Count Axel von Fersen, of which there is little concrete evidence, but goes onto maintain that Axel used condoms to keep the queen from getting pregnant. It seems to me that Marie-Antoinette loved children so much; she came from a family of sixteen where children were valued and her more liberal sister Caroline went on to have eleven children or more. She was also a devout Catholic and using such devices were unthinkable, unless one was a prostitute or dealing with prostitutes. In this case Fraser is applying the morals of some British aristocratic ladies to a queen of France. If Marie-Antoinette had been caught in adultery, it would have been considered treason; she would have been sent to a convent and had her children taken away from her. With all of her enemies at Court, that was not a risk she would have taken, if she had been so inclined. On a smaller scale, Fraser makes ridiculous assertions about Marie-Antoinette dyeing her hair - in all the pictures that I have seen of her, her hair looks grey from either powder or premature age; I have never read any first hand accounts of her dyeing it. Not that that is a big deal; but it makes me wonder where Lady Fraser's life ends and where Marie-Antoinette's life begins. I found it offensive that at the end Fraser interprets Marie-Antoinette's death as some kind of sacrifice for the cause of democracy, when she believed in monarchy and wanted her little son to be king. Especially, since Marie-Antoinette's murder was followed not by democracy but by dictatorships and Napoleon crowning himslf emperor. Sadly, there is a lacuna of decent biographies of the queen in the English language. One can only hope that the works of Bertieres, Chalon, and Delorme will soon be translated and published in English. Fraser's book does have some interesting details (aside from those which flow from her imagination) and it is much more sympathetic to the queen than Lever's travesty 
0 Obviously, from all the reviews, this book appeals to many people.  I am not one of them.  Perhaps it's because I don't care for science fiction.  I found the writing stilted, the footnotes distracting to the point I stopped bothering with them, the story boring, and the ending (covered in the introduction) to be a Twilight Zone cliche.  If, like me, you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed.  
0 Our hero,amoral in his love life, refusing to kick his unfaithful ex-wife to the curb, and making mystery solving boring, why continue? Parker can write like no one else, but his recent plots suggest the well may be dry 
0 It takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing.  This book is a very poor way of handling thw well-known concept of paradigms and paradigm shifts.  If you are at all familiar with these concepts simply forget buying this book as (just because you paid money for it) you will naturally be inclined to read it and this will be a total waste of time and energy.  There are so many books on creativity, innovative thinking and innovation; look for them.  This is a book on nothing: was it a busines book on business models?  Was it a cookbook for personal development?  What was this for god's sake, apart from being an insult on iltelligence 
0 Oh dear. This is another book like the horrible "Who Moved My Cheese?" that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children.Like the aforementioned "Who thinks my cheese stinks?" (or whatever it is called), I saw some people in the organisation where I work trying to sneakily weave it into the corporate culture and it lasted about five days.It's all about making work "FUN". Yep, work can be "FUN". Tell that to the folks who work in hospital waste disposal. Or maybe those who deal with animal cruelty cases.Of course, it's just great "FUN" to deal with children who have just had their parents killed, or folks who just lost their kids.Because that's what work is - "FUN" - or so this book would have you believe you can convince your workers.Of course in the examples I have listed above, it doesn't really work too well, because this is really about getting people in perceived lower-end occupations like factories or call-centres to believe their mind-numbing daily tasks can be "FUN".Myself, I do have some "FUN" at work, but probably like many people with more than one brain cell, it is based on having a laugh with my co-workers about the sheer absurdity of where our work life often takes us.You can call this cynicism, which is probably how it would be viewed by people who buy into this dumb "Fish"-style "WORK MUST BE FUN" philosophy. I'd call it black humour, but it keeps people sane and makes difficult work more bearable.As to the title of my review - this method of making the workplace "FUN" in a forced way is very useful if you have employees that you wish to isolate and marginalise.First immerse people in the cult-like atmosphere and tell them that they are now to regard work as "FUN".Second, let them know that they now "CHOOSE" their attitude - if they are unhappy in any way (regardless of them doing their work well or not), they are "LETTING THE TEAM DOWN" and not complying with the obligation to "MAKE WORK FUN".Third, while the majority of victims or workers, however you choose to view your prey, swallow the "WORK IS FUN" message and display the behaviour of sea lions clapping to get a mouthful of FISH, you can point to those who have shown a small streak of individual identity and are not HAVING FUN AT WORK and use the Enron-style message that they "just don't get it".In this way, the resistant individual can be said to be "incompatible with our mission and values", "bad for morale" or just "out of step".In this way, the "FUN-LOVING" workers, who have now taken on the costume of "FORCED FALSE FUN" can be set against them.Of course this will compound their unhappiness and isolate them further until they are totally marginalised and can be tossed on the scrapheap or forced to resign.This book is useful then, if you wish to convince idiots that their "WORK IS FUN".Just don't try it on a group of people with a brain between them who might take their work seriously.They might tell you to stick your "FISH" where the sun doesn't shine 
0 This is a tough review to write because I felt the authors made a good effort in the writing of the book and explanations of the Spring Framework. Writing a book is no small feat, and technical books are a special beast.With that last statement in mind, this is were the book sadly falls short. For one, the source code available online is a significant rewrite of the books' code. The authors explain ( on the publisher site ) that this is because they learned better ways and techniques to implement the samlpe application after the book went to print. While improvement is always good, this presents two problems. 1. The sample application is now out of sync with the material. Not a good thing for those trying to learn, as you require more effort to study in tandem with the book. Also, and this is not to disparage the authors skill, but I buy books because I am expecting experienced, if not expert advice. If a small, sample application needs rewriting, perhaps they should write about something else?Further down this road, the sample application has errors that prevent it from compiling. I suspect that the final build file was not tested, or it was a case of "well, it compiles on my machine". There were several dependencies that required changes to the build file so it could be compiled. Thankfully, I use Eclipse and imported the project. Eclipse immediately informed me of missing dependencies, which I resolved by getting those jars on the build path and in the build file so they would be deployed in the war archive. Examples are:jakarta-commons/collections, and several core Spring jars relating to DAO and database access.For an experienced developer, familiar with ant and a good IDE, it was not a lot of trouble to get it running, it just did not give me a good impression.Bonus info for anyone switching the database out to postgresql: First, no matter what DB you swap in, you'll need to change a few hard coded references in the build file. I made property variables which I placed in build.properties. Then you will need to change the class User to something else ( and of course anything in the app that references it. ). Another great reason to use Eclipse. Why you must change it, is User is a reserved keyword in postgresql and you will get databases errors because you can't name a table User 
0 This series may be good for a laugh. Some of the writing is engaging. But the premise is absurd. WHY, in this day and age, should anyone accept the world-view of the Bible? A book that tells us to buy and sell slaves, stone our wives to death if they accept some other tribe's beliefs, and subordinate our minds to an absolute despot up in the clouds of Mt. Sinai? In a sense, Bible believers have been "left behind" since the 1700s Enlightenment. Tom Paine's "The Age of Reason" showed the God of the Bible to be a cruel, vindictive monster. And what did Thomas Jefferson call the book of Revelations? "The ravings of a madman." Read this series, if you like. Enjoy parts of it. But make no mistake: to take any of this seriously, you have to regress to a prehistoric world-view, before men learned to think, to ask questions; before logic or science -- a time when dazed, superstitious primitives believed stars could fall to the earth, if they didn't grovel humbly enough to their supposed god. Do the absurdities and contradictions bother no one? When the "sheep" are raptured up to heaven, their clothes are left behind. So heaven is a nudist colony? The basic contradiction, of course, lies in using worldly action (some of it exciting) to proselytize for the unworldly, the supernatural. But why should we care whether any of the "good" guys gets killed? And why should THEY mind -- won't they go straight up to heaven? That's what they WANT, isn't it? Why even lift a finger against the "bad" guys -- didn't Christ say, "Resist not evil"? Worried about who will win? "God" is infinitely powerful. So Jesus (who is 1/3 of God -- or something like that) is sure to win when Armageddon rolls around, in book 12 of the series. And the "sheep" -- the believers -- will happily worship him, looking just like the pictures of dim-witted, bovine people you see in the tracts Jehovah's Witnesses leave at your door. The going price for a used copy of "Tribulation Force" is one cent. Does that tell you something? Actually, the story-telling is worth more. The basic premise is worth less. Perhaps it averages out 
0 It took two people to write this book? I was pleased to see a chick lit book for the 40-something reader but this book really was a waste of my time. You can see the ending a mile away, for one, but that didn't really bother me. It was the writing. The main character suffers from a syndrome that's unfortunately common to chick-lit heroines, which is to speak in an overly quippy, aren't-I-clever with my snappy dialog way. Nearly every one of her sentences included a quip/joke (or a quippy thought in her head as she spoke). Real people just don't talk that way, and it makes it impossible to relate to or care about her. By the way, my copy had the first chapter of these authors' next book attached at the end, and they've basically created the same two main characters: the quippy single mom and her ridiculously glamorous best friend. I won't bother with it 
0 Eugene O'Neill's play "Long Day's Journey Into Night" is a Pulitzer award winning, autobiographical play about his family. I must admit that though Eugene O'Neill is considered by some to be the father of American Theater, I did not enjoy reading this play. The Tyrone family's insane dysfunction with their constant bickering and apologizing was very annoying and frustrating to read. I also disliked the fact that after four acts of continuous yelling and tension O'Neill offered no conclusion. The day in the life of the Tyrone family gets progressively worse until it finally peaks and the play just ends. No happy ending, no hope for the future, just despair. "Long Day's Journey Into Night" is a wholly depressing read that I really could have done without. However, after learning more about Eugene O'Neill's background, and the extent to which the play is based on his life, I began to have a greater appreciation for this play. O'Neill did lead a very hard life, therefore the frustration and despair I felt while reading this play demonstrates O'Neill's talent to engage his audience and to convey the emotions of the characters in a very real manner. While O'Neill's depressing end did not satisfy my craving for a happy ending, it was appropriate for the play as Eugene's own family never got a happy ending. I did like the clever way O'Neill showed the Tyrone family's desire but inability to forget their troubles through the dialogue. At the beginning of the play the audience is presented with a normal, loving family. The audience soon however, gets the suspicion that something isn't quite right, and that the family is tense. Slowly the family's skeletons are exposed through arguments between the family members, but the characters always feel regretful for bringing the subject up. Thus showing that no matter how hard the Tyrone family tries to pretend that all is well, their skeletons are always with them and resurface to continually remind them of the truth. Although I still believe "Long Day's Journey Into Night" to be thoroughly disheartening to read, the reader's emotional response to this play leaves no doubt to O'Neill's exceptional writing.  
0 Despite the fact that Hanegraaff's name is the bigger of the two on the front cover, only the first 40 pages of this very small book are worth reading, and they are the writing of Paul Maier.  His research is helpful, but so limited in scope that you wonder if he wasn't given a week-end to write it and come up with as much as he could.  Every topic needs futher information.  A lot more could be said, and Maier seems to be the kind of scholar who could have done a lot more.Hanegraaff contributes 29 pages of defense of the historical Jesus which is an even more surface-level reworking of information covered much better elsewhere.That said, I would give this book to someone who isn't much of a reader but for whom The Da Vinci Code has raised some questions.  It isn't much more than a collection of scattered soundbites, but that may have been a good marketing strategy when there is already such a proliferation of secondary literature on what was only a piece of pulp fiction 
0 This book reads like a horror novel.By allowing her dogs (as well as another one in her care) to roam freely throughout an urban area crisscrossed by busy roads, the author demonstrates her utter disregard for the animals' welfare.  Not to mention the antisocial attitude she displays with her total inconsideration for her neighbors, and for the countless strangers kind enough to phone when her lost dogs seek refuge on their doorsteps.Oh, and let's not forget the dozens of shelter dogs killed because their potential adoptive homes were filled by the plethora of puppies spawned by the author's choice not to spay and neuter her animals.This book moves at a peppy pace, and might have been interesting (albeit morally reprehensible) if the author's "observations" actually provided any insight.  But those eighteen-wheelers on the Alewife Parkway veered closer to poor Misha than the author's whimsical interpretations stray within range of scientific evidence.  Case in point:  She is so clueless about the reality of canine behavior that she inadvertently allows one of her dogs to kill another one's litter of puppies.  Oops!Any genuine dog lover (or any human with an ounce of compassion and common sense) will despise this book.  A previous reviewer hit the nail on the head: If "feelings" are your road map to life, you might enjoy this book.  If you regularly take your brain out for walk, forget it.  Calling this a meaningful book about dogs is like calling "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" the definitive text on marine fowl 
0 This is just another attack by organized medicine on Alternative treatments and therapies, in particular chiropractic. Dr. Rosenfeld comes across as biased, ignorant and at times completely malicious in the information he provides. His assertion that he "loves chiropractors is disingenous at best." He prefers non-specific manipulation by a doctor who can also prescribe (toxic) drugs. He lists warnings about chiropractic that are extremely rare, occuring one in many millions, and suggests that these are common occurances. He fails to mention that the practice of (Allopathic) medicine is the third leading cause of preventable death in The United States, which is the very reason we need more practitioners of the so called "Alternatives". If you want good advice, start by avoiding books on alternative medicine written by medical doctors, especially this one!! 
0 i love danielle steel! i`ve read ALL of her books so far.but secrets was a big disappointment to me.as far as i am concerned,ms.steel tried to change her style of writing in this book more to the kind of judith krantz or jackie collins (some explicit "parts" i didn`t like at all).simply NOT the danielle steel we like. the story itselfs is ok(gives the readers some "insights" behind the scenes of hollywood)but....some of her books i`ve read over and over again. i am not going to touch secrets for a second time,however 
0 First let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail... He does not. He hikes less than a third. You dont find this out until 2/3 through the book, which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad, to an ill effort to fulfill a contract. My conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher, could not, and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics. As others have said in this review forum. This book can be snide, highschoolish and down right mean. I fail to see the "wit" in his endless negitivity and bashing. This book has a few funny parts, but I cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events, and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments. It is so unbelievible in places, that you know you are on an imagined tangent. Dont waste your money or time. I am so happy I bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale! 
0 I am a GIGANTIC James Brown fan, I have 100 albums, 130 singles, I've met him 5 times, seen him live over 100 times since 1971, had lunch with him in NYC, and I am the 'Paul' in the JB section of Gerri Hirshey's nice history of soul music NOWHERE TO RUN, but if this book was written by James Brown or if he even had much to tell the writer, I'll eat my refrigerator. It is so full of errors that it is laughable. One of the most glaring errors was when Mr. Brown 'supposedly' said, "SAY IT LOUD was where funk started" or something to that effect. That is so ridiculous. James Brown would NEVER say such a thing! Any student of funk knows that COLD SWEAT was the quintessentional funk piece and it is not even mentioned in the book!!! The style of Mr. Brown's sentences that are attributed to him sound NOTHING like him. I have no idea why this was put out. The other 'autobiography' written over a decade ago was more relevent and much better written, THE GODFATHER OF SOUL by JB and Bruce Tucker. Someone, (Alan Leeds?) needs to write a 600 page comprehensive biography of Mr. Brown with much more detail. 
0  Clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is; an endorsement of Ethnic cleansing. If the tables were turned and a Jew, or a Muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with Judaism, or Islam was BRUTALLY MURDERED than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t. I do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist Lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage, or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of HATEFUL FILTH!! 
0 McMurry's text is a very friendly, gentle intro to  organic. It's a thoroughly enjoyable read, but it doesn't teach you what you need to  know.  Explanations for important mechanisms are usually very brief, and the  problems included are usually very basic and general (the spectroscopy and  synthesis problems, in particular).  If you're looking to become a chemist,  this is not the book to learn from. I'd recommend  Vollhardt and Schore's  textbook, or any number of sophomore-level texts that will give you the  skills you need to approach complicated problems more successfully (i.e.,  on exams or out in the industry) 
0 Main Pro: an additional unbiased source of information in an area where there is not nearly enoughMain Con: too few products reviewed  As a first time mom (and a compulsive researcher) I found this book most helpful as a cross reference with other sources (Baby Bargains, Girlfriend's Guide to Baby Gear, and reviews in babycenter and at amazon).  I will say though that I found myself trusting the advice of Alan and Denise Fields and of Vicki Lovine more than that of the authors of this book.  When reading through BB Bargains and Girlfriends Guide I felt more keenly that the products were being judged by real parents who thought about parents' needs; Consumer Reports seemed a little less thoughtful and definately less comprehensive.Getting ready for a baby is a behemoth task.  The sheer amount of stuff you need-- clothing, bedding, furniture, strollers, car seats, feeding devices, toys-- and the myriad of choices that exist for each item can be very overwhelming.  And because there are so many crib manufacturers, stroller makers, etc, no single superstore like BBRUS or Target can carry all of the "major" brands.  It would be impossible to register at any one of these stores using only the recommendations of Consumer Reports' book.Now perhaps not everyone enters parenthood quite as clueless as I was about baby gear.  And if you have friends and family who can share enough information with you (and better yet stuff!) about these products, then you probably don't need any of these books.  But if you are the kind of person who wants to know all of your options and who works to get the most for her or his money, you'll need more than this book. 
0 I was hoping that Miller would turn his talents from the dark side and we would see how well he could reproduce a Classical Epic.  What we get is a blood splattered "300 Lacedaimons in the Hood".  The Spartans are presented to be a buch of Homo erotic Rastafarians.  The Persians rather than the Noble Middle Eastern Autocrats presented in their Art are drawn by Miller to resemble African American Gangstas with piercings and Skin art everywhere.  I was looking for Xerxes to have a grill and whitewalls on his chariot.If you were into "Sin City", you will love this mishmashed version of the Classical Tale of bravery and sacrifice in the face of overwhelming odds 
0 ``People  say again and again that philosophy  doesn't really progress, that we  arestill occupied  with the same philosophical problems as were  theGreeks.But  the people who say this don't understand why ishas to be  so. It is becauseour language has remained the same and  keeps seducing us  into asking the same questions.  As longas there continues to be a verb  'to be' that  looks as if it functions in the same way as 'to eat' and  'to  drink', as long as we stillhavethe adjectives  'identical', 'true',  'false', 'possible',as  long as we continueto talk of a river of time, of  an expanseof  space, etc., etc., people will keepstumbling over the  samepuzzling  difficulties and find themselves staring atsomethingwhich  no explanation seems capable of clearing up.And what'smore,this  satisfies  a longing for the transcendent, because, insofar  as peoplethinkthey can  see `the limits of human  understanding', theybelieve of course thatthey  can see  beyond these.`` ''Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of ourintelligence by means of language````Ambition is the death of  thought'''These three quotes are from Ludwig Wittgenstein who redefined philosophysome70 years ago (but most people have yet to find this out).Dennett, though he has  been a philosopher for some40 years, is one them. It is also curious that both he and his prime antagonist, John Searle, studied under famous Wittgensteinians (Searle with John Austin, Dennett with Gilbert Ryle) but Searle got the point and Dennett did not. Dennett is a hard determinist(though he trys to sneak  reality in the back door), and perhaps this is due to Ryle, whose famous book 'The Concept of Mind'(1949) continues to be reprinted.  That book did a great job of exorcising the ghost but it left the machine.  Dennett enjoys  making  the mistakes Wittgenstein, Ryle(andmany others since) have exposed in detail. Byaccident,just before this book, I had  read ''The Minds I'', which Dennett coauthored withDouglas Hofstadter in 1981. They made some bad  mistakes(see my review), and saddest of all, they reprinted  twofamous articles that pointed the wayout of the mess---Nagel's `What is  like to be a bat?` and an early version of John  Searle's Chinese Room argument explaining why computers  don't think. Nagel pointed out that we do noteven know how to recognize whata concept of a bat's mind would be  like.  Searle similarly explained how we lack a way to conceptualize  thinking  and how itdiffersfrom what a computer does(eg,it can translate Chinese  without understanding it). Likewise, we lack a clear test for recognizing  what countsas good  vs bad--or just intelligible-- for many philosophical and scientific concepts. Our  use of the words consciousness, choice, freedom, intention,  particle, thinking, determines, wave,cause, happened,  event(and so on endlessly) are  rarely a source of confusion  but as soon as we leave normal life and enter philosophy(and anydiscussion detached from the environment  in  which language evolved) chaos reigns. Wittgenstein  was the first to understand why and to point out how to avoid  this. Unfortunately, he died inhis prime, his works are composed almost entirely of a series of examples of  how the mind(language)  worksand he never wroteany popular books,  so  understanding of his work is restricted to a very few. Searle  is one of the world's leadingphilosophers and has written  manyextremely clear  and highly regarded articles and books,some of which have pointed out the  glaring defects in Dennett'swork.His review ``Consciousness Explained  Away'' of Dennetts 1991 book`'Consciousness Explained'' and his book''The Mystery of Consciousness'' are very well  known,and show, in a way that isamazingly clear for philosophical writing,why neither Dennett(nor any of the  hundreds of philosophersandscientists who have written on this topic)havecome closetoexplaining the hard problem--ie, how do you conceptualizeconsciousness.Many suspect we will never be able to conceptualizeany of the reallyimportant things, but it isclear that we are  nowhere near it now. Dennett has mostly  ignored his critics but has favored  Searle with vituperative personal attacks.Searle has been accused by Dennett and others of  being out to destroy cognitive psychology which is quite funny as modern philosophy is(mostly) a branch of cognitive psychology and Searle has made it very clear for 30 years that WE are a good example of a biological machine that is conscious, thinks, etc,.  He just points out that we don't have any idea how this happens.   Searle characterizes as ''intellectualpathology'',the views ofDennett andall those who denythe existence of thevery phenomena they setout to explain. Dennett repeats his  mistakes here andleaves his reply to his critics to the penultimate page of  the book, where we are told that they areall mistaken and it is a waste of spaceto show how! Unsurprisingly, there isnot one reference toWittgenstein or Searle in theentire book.There arehowever, many references to other old schoolphilosophers who are as confusedas he is. Like most people, it does not cross his mindthatthe very inference engineshe thinks with are forcinghim to cometo  certainconclusions and that these will oftenbe quite  unconnectedwith or wrong about the way things are in the  world. They are a jumble of evolutionary curiositieswhich do various tasks in organizing behavior that were useful for survivalhundreds of thousands of years ago.Wittgenstein was a pioneerin doingthought experiments in cognitive psychologyand beganto elucidate the nature of these engines and the subtletiesof language in the 30's, and thus he made the sorts of commentsthat this review begins with. Dennett says(p98)that  his view is compatibilism, ie, that  free will(whichI hopewe can equate with choice) is compatible with  determinism(ie, that''there is at any instant exactly one physically  possible  future''--p25). He wants to show that determinism is not the same as inevitablity. However, the whole book is smoke  and mirrors by means of  which choice, in the sense we normally  understand it, disappears and we are  left with ``choice``,  which is something we cannot choose. Naturally, this  echoes  the fate of consiousness in his earlier book ``Consciousness  Explained``. It is remarkable that, at a time when we are  just beginning to  reach the point where we might be able to understand the basics of how a  single neuron works(or how an  atom works for that matter), that anyone should  think they can  make the leap to understanding the whole brain and to explain  its most complex phenomena. Please recall the last sentence of Wittgenstein  from the opening quote: ''And what'smore,this satisfies a longing for thetranscendent, because, insofar aspeoplethinkthey can see `the limits of  human understanding',theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond  these.`` The  relation between language, thought and reality is  extraordinarily complex and everyone gets lost. If one is very, very  careful,some understanding is possible, but Dennett throws caution to  the  winds and we are dragged into the quicksand. There are  at least 3 different  topics here(evolution of our brain, choice  and morality) and Dennett tries  vainly to weld them together into  a coherent account of how freedom evolves  from the deterministic  crashing of atoms. There is, however, no compelling  reason to  accept that bouncing atoms (or his favorite example, the game  of  life running on a computer) are isomorphic with reality.  He knows that  quantum indeterminacy(or the uncertainty principle)  is a major obstacle to  determinism however defined(and has  been taken by many as an escape to  freedom) but dismisses  it due to the fact that such events are too rare to  bother  with. By extension, its unlikely that any such  event will happen now or even in our  whole lifetime in our  brain, so we appear to be stuck with a determined  brain(whatever  that may be). However, the universe is a big place and its been  around a long time(perhaps forever) and if even one such quantum  effect occurs  it would seem to throw the whole universe into  an indeterminate state. The  notion ''there is at any  instant exactly one physically possible future''  cannot be true  if at any instant a quantum indeterminacy can occur--in this  case  there would seem to be infinitely many possible futures. This  recalls  one of the escapes from the contradictions of physics--each  instant our  universe is branching into infinitely many universes. He correctly rejects the idea that quantum indeterminacy gives us the answer to how we can have choice.  This obvious idea has been suggested by many but the problem is that nobody has any idea how to specify an exact sequence of steps which starts with the equations of physics and ends up with the phenomena of consciousness(or any other emergent phenomenon).  If so, they will definitely win at least one Nobel Prize, for not only will they have explained consciousness, they will have explained the universal phenomenon of emergence(how higher order properties emerge from lower ones). So, they would have to solve the 'easy' problem(to determine the exact state of the brain corresponding to some mental state and preferably specify the exact position of all the atoms in the brain over time-ignoring uncertainty) and the 'hard' one(what exactly correlates with or produces consciousness or choice etc?). And while they are at it how about also doing the  impossible--an exact and full solution to the quantum field equations for a brain.  It is very well known that these equations are uncomputable, even for one atom or a vacuum, as it would require an infinite amount of computer time.  But infinite will do for one atom so maybe a brain will take no longer. He starts off on the  first page appealing to the laws of  physics for protection against fantastic  notions such as immaterial souls, but physics is made of notions just as  fantastic(uncertainty,  entanglement, wave/particle duality, Schrodinger's  dead/alivecat etc) and as Feynmann said many times ``Nobody understandsphysics!'' Many think nobody ever will. On pg  2 he says  our values have little to do with the goals of our cells and  on pg 2  to3 that our personality differences are due to how  our ''robotic teams are  put togther, over a lifetime of  growth and experience.`` This is a bald  dismissal of human  nature, of the abundant evidence that our differences are  to  a large extent programmed into our genes and fixed in early  childhood, and  is typical of his constant confused wandering  back and forth between  determinism and environmentalism.On page  9 he notes that free will is a problem and our  attitudes to  it make a difference, but for whom? Nobody but philosophers. We make choices. What's the problem?  One has to step  outside life to experience a problem and then  everything becomes a problem.  What are consciousness, pain,  yellow, intention, matter, quarks, gravity  etc.? I doubt that  anyone has ever experienced a fundamental change in their  interactions  with people or their decision making processes due to their  thinking about choice. This shows that there is something  strange about such questions. Wittgenstein would probably say that the language games are  different. There are games  for language connected with the cognitive  templates for decisions  or seeing colors etc, and thinking philosophically is operating them in decoupled mode. Decoupled modes permit  thinking about the past, planning for the future, guessing  the mental states  of others, etc, but if one takes the results  in the wrong way and starts to  think `'John will try to steal  my wallet'', rather than just imagining that  John might  do it, confusion enters and those who cannot turn off the decoupled  mode or distinguish it from coupled mode,  enter the realm of pathology. Some aspects of schizophrenia and other mental illness might be  seen this way--they lose control of which mode they are in, eg, notbeing able to see the  difference between the motives people  have and the motives they might have. One can then see  much of the philosophizing people do as operating in  these  decoupled modes but failing to be able to keep in front of them  the  differences from the normal mode. Normal mode--eg, what  is that lion doing--  was undoubtedly the first one evolved  and decoupled modes--what did that lion  do last time or what  does he intend to do next--evolved later. This was  probably  never a problem for animals--any animal that spent too much  time  worrying about what might happen would not be very successful  contributing to  the gene pool. It is interesting to speculate that only when humans developed  culture and began degeneratinggenetically, could large numbers of people  survive with genes that  led them to spend alot of time in decoupled modes.  Hence, we  have philosophy and this book, which is mostly about running the  decision templates in decoupled mode where there are no real  consequencesexcept earning royalties for putting the results  in a book for other people to  use to run their engines in decoupled mode.' Let us alter Wittgenstein's quote to read:  ''As longas there continues to be a verb 'to decide'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as 'to  eat' and 'to  drink',as long as we continueto talk of  freedom of action, of saying I  wish I had done otherwise,  etc., etc., people will keepstumbling over the  samepuzzling  difficulties andfind themselves staring atsomethingwhich  no  explanation seems capable of clearing up.''As withmost philosophy books, nearly every page, often every paragraph,  changes from one type of language  game to another without  noticing that now one would have to be joking or  dreaming  or acting in a play or reciting a story , etc, and not actually  intending anything nor describing an actual situation in the  world. On page  10 he says we count on free will for the  whole way of thinking about our lives,  like we count on food  and water, but who ever, outside philosophy, standing in  front  of lunch counter full of food, ever thinks how fine it is that  they  have free will so they can pick coke instead of mineral  water? Even if I  want to be a serious compatibilist and  try thinking this in decoupled mode, I  have to exit and  enter nondecoupled mode to make the actual choice. Only then  can I go back to decoupled mode to wonder what might have  happened if I had  not had the ability to make a real choice.  Wittgenstein noted how pretend  games are parasitic on real ones(this is not a trivial observation!).  The ability to engage in very complex  decoupled scenarios  is already evident in 4 year old children. So I would say  that normally, nobody counts on having choice, but rather we just choose. On the same page he shows again that he does not grasp cognitive  basics.  He says we learn to conduct our lives in the conceptual  atmosphere of choice,  and that `'It appears to be a stable  and ahistorical construct, as eternal  and unchanging as arithmetic,  but it is not.'' And on page 13--''It is an  evolved creation  of human activity and beliefs''. The whole thrust of  cognitive  psychology is that we do NOT learn the basics of planning, deciding,  promising, resenting, etc, but that these are built-in functions  of the  inference engines that work automatically and unconsciously  and start running  in very early childhood. There is no evidence  that they change as we grow,  or are in any way subject to  our beliefs,only  that they mature just as our body does. On pg 14 he suggests  its probable that our having free will depends on our believing  we have  it!  Do we believe we see an apple, feel a pain, are  happy? The language  game of belief is very different from  that of knowing. We can believe we have  a dollar in our  pocket but if we take it out and look at it we can't  meaningfully  then say that we still believe it(except as a joke etc.). The  inference engine can run in decoupled(belief) mode so we can  imagine havingchoices or making them, but in life we just make them and it is only in very  odd situations we can say  that we believe we made a choice. But Dennett is  saying thisis the universal case. If making a choice had any dependence on belief than so would everything everything else--consciousness,  seeing,  thinking,etc. If we take this seriously(and he says 'the serious problems of  free will' ) then we are getting  into trouble and if we actually try to apply  it to life, then madness is minutes away. . On page 65 et seq., he  discusses causation, intention and the `informal predicates'  that we use to  describe atoms etc, but cognitive resarch has  shown that we describe all  objects with a limited number of  ontological categories which we analyse with  our intuitive physics  modules and that when agents (ie animals or people or  things  like them--ie, ghosts or gods) are involved we use our  concepts (engines)  for agency, intuitive psychology, social minds, etc to  decide  how to behave. There is almost certainly no causation module  but  rather it will involve all of these and other inference  engines, depending on  the precise situation. Discussing  possibility and necessity is much  easier if  one talks in terms of the output of our modules for intuitive  physics,  agency, ontological categories etc. Of course there is no mention  here of Wittgenstein's many incisive comments on causation,  intention,  deciding, nor of Searle's now classic works  on Intention and Social Reality. He spends much time on  Ainslie's book 'Breakdown of Will', in which is  discussed  the hyperbolic discounting faculties (ie, inference engines) by which  we evaluate probable outcomes.Hemakes much of the excellent work of Robert Frank on altruism, emotion and economics, but the book he cites was 15 years old when this book was published. It was Bingham's idea, amplified by Frank and by Boyd and Richardson (1992) that  cooperation  was greatly stimulated by the evolution of means for punishing cheaters. He suggests these as examples of Darwinian approaches  that areobligatory and promising. Indeed they are, and  in fact they are standard  parts of economic, evolutionary  and cognitive theory, but unfortunately, he  makes little reference  to the other work in these fields. All that work tends to show that people do not choose but their brains choose for them. He does not establish any convincing connection between this work and the general problem of choice. Onpg 216 he says that making oneself so  that one could not have  done otherwise is a key innovation in  the evolutionary ascent to free will,  and that we can only  be free if we learn how to render ourselves insensitive  to  opportunities. But where this ability resides is not revealed  for  several chapters! Dennett has a penchant for hiding  his ideas in a massive  amount of rather irrelevant text.  Again, he gets things backwards, as there is  a vast body of  very good evidence from biology and psychology that we are get  the feelings that we should behave in some way from our inference engines and  these are not provided by some part of our conscious  self, but by the automatic and unconscious operation of the  engines. As he notes, hundreds of experiments  with the Prisoner's Dilemma  and related protocols have shown how easy it is to  manipulate  people's choices and that their calculations are not conscious  and  deliberate at all. When the situation is manipulated to  make them conscious,they are much slower and  less reliable. So, there has been  constant pressure of natural  selection to make the engines fast and automatic  and inacessible  to deliberate thought.Dennett says `we make ourselves'  so  that we could not do otherwise and that this is the basis  of morality and  choice. The evidence would seem to be exactly  the opposite. Our inference engines give  us basic moral intuitions and  we generally act in accord with the results.  If we or others  do not we feel guilt, outrage, resentment etc, then cheater genes will invade the population and this is one of the main theories as to how a good part of morality evolved.Our genes make us so we can't(mostly) do otherwise, not our will or whatever Dennett thinks can do it.   We can often choose to do otherwise but our own  intuitions and the knowledge of social disapproval  usually serve to limit our choices. These intuitions evolved  in small groups between 50,000 and some  millions of years ago. In the modern world the intuitions are often not to  our  advantage and the social controls weak. This is a prime reasonfor the chaos in the world.On pg  225 he finally sneaks in a definition of free will  as ''a complicated snarl of mechanistic causes that look likedecision making(from certain angles)''. He claims that thisplays all the valuable  roles of free will but lacks some  (unspecified) properties possessed by  traditional free will.  The smoke is thick but I  am pretty  sure one of those unspecified properties is what we understand aschoice. He insists(top pg 226) that his naturalistic  account of decision  making leaves plenty of room for moral  responsibility, but making ourselves so  we couldn't do otherwise  does not seem to describe the way we actually  function, nor  does it seem to leave any room for morality, as that would seem  to consist precisely in being able to do otherwise. He  does not propose  any test for deciding if a choice is voluntary  or forced and I doubt he could  do so. Normally if someone  asks us to move our hand, we know what counts as  having a  choice, but, typical of philosophers, I expect that regardless  of  whether it moves or not he will count both as evidence for his position. At this point he also starts his discussion of Libet's well known work on conscious attention which is the only part of the book that I felt was worth my time. On page 253 et seq., he sneaks in his definition of conscious will--the  ''brains user illusion  of itself''' which has as one of its main roles  providing  ''me with the means of interfacing with myself at other times``.  And ``Illusory or not, conscious will is the persons guide  to his or her own  moral responsibility for action.`` He says  the trick we need is to see that  ``I`' control what is happening  inside the ''simplification barrier''...  ''where decision  making happens''. ``Mental events'' become conscious by  ''entering  into memory''. ''The process of self description... is  what we  are''. The crucial thing is that choice is possible  because the self is  distributed over space(the brain) and time(memories).  He realizes this is  going to leave many incredulous(everyone who can follow this and really understands!). ''I know that many  people find it hard to graspthis idea or take it seriously. It seems to them  to be a trickwith mirrors, some kind of verbal slight of hand that whisksconsciousness, and the real Self , out of the picture just when it was about to  be introduced.'' Many will say he took the words out of their mouth, but I would  say it's incoherent and  thateverythingwe know about consciousness and the whole  universe(making the obvious extensions of such claims)  was gone long beforewegot this far. On pg 259 he says that culture has made us rational animals!  This is a stunning denial of human nature(ie, genetics and evolution) coming from the person who wrote 'Darwin's Dangerous Idea''!  Presumably he is talking about his idea that it is memories spread over space(the brain and other people) and time that give us choices and morals and consciousness(line 6 from bottom).  He says consciousness is a user-interface but it is never made clear who or where the user is and how it interfaces with the brain(you will have to suffer through 'Consciousness Explained to find that there is no answer there either).  Though he makes many references to evolutionary and cognitive psychology, he seldom uses any of the terminology that has been current for decades(social mind, intuitive psychology, coalitional intuitions etc) and clearly is not familiar with most of the concepts. If he means that we got the fine details of morality from culture, thats ok, but this is the icing on the cake and the cake was baked by the genes.  We are also told here that R&D(by which he means evolution here, but other things elsewhere) has given us the self  and that language creates new kind of consciousness and morality.  I am sure that he will get little agreement on this.  It seems quite clear that consciousness and the basics of morality evolved in primates(and earlier) long before spoken language(though it is a very deep topic as to how language evolved from extant capacities in the brain).  He continues ``morality memes arose by accident some tens of thousands of years ago`` which would be OK if he meant the icing on the cake but he clearly means the cake!  And then he says the point of morality is not the survival of our genes, which is an amazing (and totally incorrect)thing to say, even if he was only referring to memes.  On pg 260 he claims  that  because we do not comprehend our ''bland dispositions  to cooperate'', they  mean nothing to us, but it is the operation  of our templates that is  everything to us. There is ample  evidence that if one of them is damaged a  person cannot function  properly as a social being(eg, autism).  I would say it is the operation of the templates for intuitive psychology etc which lead Dennett to the counterintuitive views that we do not have consciousness and choice in the way we think.  He also says here that it was one of the major  evolutionary transitions when we were able to change our views and reflect on reasons for them. This again reflects his lack of understanding of evolutionary psychology.  I know of no evidence that the basic moral intuitions, like all the templates, are accessible to consciousness.  We may decide our cheating was justifiable, or forgive someone else's cheating, but we still know it was cheating(ie, we cannot change the engine). I suspect my ancestors a million years ago had the same feelings in the same situation but what has happened is that there are lots of other things that may be taken as relevant and that sometimes these will lead me to act contrary to my feelings.  Another issue is that as culture developed, one had to make many important or 'moral type` decisions for which the engines were not evolved to give a clear answer.  On pg 267 he says that we now replace our `free floating rationales'(probably corresponding to what cognitive psychologists call our templates or inference engines) with reflection and mutual persuasion. And on pg 286 he says that it is a child's upbringing --demanding and giving reasons-- that affects moral reasoning. Again, he just has no grasp of what has happened in the last 30 years of research--the templates do not change with reflection or upbringing. We are then told again that consciousness makes moral issues available over time to the self, which takes responsibility.  It is not any more coherent or credible with repetition.  On pg 289 he has a chapter summary which repeats the mistaken notions that it is culture that makes it possible to reflect and that choice depends on education(memory) and sharing.  It's clear that it is not culture but the inherited cognitive structures that make it possible to reflect and to choose and that culture determines the acceptable actions and their rewards or punishments. On pg 303 he discusses the classic philosophical barrier between 'ought'and 'is' , unaware that our templates solved that problem long ago--ie, they tell us how to feel about situations regarding other people.  He also seems to be unaware that there are hundreds of cultural universals implanted in our genes(eg see 'The Blank Slate'). He often starts into what looks like its going to be a good discussion of some issue in evolutionary psychology, but invariably wanders off into philosophical arcana and winds up with more confusion.  This happens on pg 261 where he states that concepts like 'praiseworthy' were shaped over millennia by culture, while most would say the basis for such concepts is in the genes and each culture only detetermines the details of acceptable reactions to the intuitions its members get from their innate mechanisms.   On pg 262 he tries to explain how an ESS(Evolutionarily Stable Strategy) can produce morality. His idea here is that genetic `R&D` produces dim understandings of morals and then culture(memetics) produces variations and clarifications.  I would say that we all know, and much research has made clear, that we commonly get very clear results from our inference engines and only dimly understand in special cases.  Culture merely decides what we can do about our feelings.  The last part of the book is mostly  concerned  with moral culpability. He refers to the legal classic by Hart  and  Honore, which I started reading 30 years ago since it's  authors were deeply influenced by Wittgenstein.  Dennett tells us that we have  control over our own morality and  that thinking about morality will improve us.  But, there seems  no justification whatever for this view in this book. There is nothing at  all  here to help anyone escape from the dictates of the monkey mind. It is a defensible point of view that those who manage this do so by traveling a spiritual path that  has no connection with philosophy- and there is not a hint of  spirituality in this entire book--another telling point considering that many mystics have fascinating things to say about the functioning of the mind. I find  more wisdom about how  to be free and moral in any of Osho's 200 books than anywhere in philosophy. One rarely finds spiritually and morally  advanced people teaching at universities. There is no sign here, nor in  anything he has done, that Dennett is morally superior. After 40 years of thinking about morality he launches personal attacks on his critics or arrogantly dismisses them.  It seems clear that, like all of us, he is trapped in the limits of his inference engines. So, how much opportunity is there to  improve our morality? It seems  clear(eg, see Pinker's `The Blank Slate`) that  most of our behaviour  is genetic and the rest due to unknown factors in our  environment, in spite of the vigorous efforts of parents and religions and political parties. On  average, maybe 5% of the variation in moral behavior(variations are the only thing we can  study) is due to our own efforts. The moral choices that matter  most today are  those affecting the fate of the world. But our moral templates were not evolved to deal with overpopulation and the greenhouse effect. How remarkable it would be if just one of the hundreds of millions of educated people in the world managed to figure out what consiousness or choice or any mental phenomenon really is.  And if one did, we would expect them to be a scientist at the cutting edge of research using some exotic fMRI  equipment and the latest parallel processing neural networked fuzzy logic computer etc.  But a philosopher or physicist just sitting there thinking, coming up with the solution to the greatest puzzle there is!  And then writing a whole book about it without checking with the sceptics first.  To return to the quote at the beginning--'Ambition is the death of thought'.  Indeed--though clearly Wittgenstein was thinking of interesting thoughts 
0 The paper version is a real touchstone for the practice of all manner of applied mathematics.  The CD-ROM version belongs in the discount bin.  Here is why:1)  The CD-ROM is edition 5; but edition 6 has been out for 4 years.2) The DynaText software, which is needed to read/browse/search the book, is showing signs of age.  It works fine on the computers of a decade ago but not necessarily on the machines of today.  See the review of J.F.Groote.The product is advertised as working on Macs but will not work on most Macs.  Specifically, it does not seem to work on either G4 or G5 hardware with OS X, even under the so-called "Classic" mode.  I believe that the problem is that the browser is shipped as an executable that requires a specific architecture.It is usable under Windows, but you might need to use one of the backwards-compatibility options to run the installer.It will not apparently run under any form of Linux, the most recent (and rapidly becoming the most popular) transmogrification of Unix.  Again, DynaText is put on the CD-ROM as a binary executable; if you are not using SunOS 4 or 5, Solaris or SGI IRIX 5.2 then you can not use this product 
0 This book is unfortunately not up to par for Kay Hooper.  Her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is (there isn't a single clue at any point in time).  The heroine keeps loosing her memory, so you don't even have the usual good characterizations of hero & heroine (since she can't even remember much about herself, much less him).  If you like Kay go ahead and read it, but I hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard 
0 I got this as both a book and an audio file.  I had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author, but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts (e.g., I gasped when he suggested Christ went to Hell...what Bible passage evidences this?).I agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep...but wonder if I go further how much more Eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations.  Where were his editors when this was being written?  Why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities?I havent read all the reviews here but as one of those "conservatives" frequently mentioned in them I have to admit I may not even finish this book for fear of what else Eldredge has slipped up on.I did appreciate his story about Daniel and the "delayed" angel...but am left wondering if I need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too.What a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me.  We are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well..the Bible well.  So far...I may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize Christians and return to the Word itself.I wonder if I can get a refund 
0 The content is excellent.  The digital format is largely useless.I bought the digital 5th edition to supplement my paper 4th edition.  But, the digital rights management restrictions mean that I can't print selected pages to stick in a folder, read on the train, or scribble notes on.  I can't even cut and paste particularly relevant bits into an electronic 'notes' file.  The onerous digital restrictions are not suitable for an academic book like this one 
0 This book really wasn't at all what I was expecting, or what the title would lead one to believe. The subtitle, "In Search of Grace O'Malley and Other Legendary Women of the Sea," makes it sound as if this will be a biographical account of the life of Grace O'Malley, with supplemental information on other historical female seafarers. Not so. The first two chapters are devoted to the famous pirate queen herself, and Sjoholm only provides the skimpiest bits of information. I knew almost nothing about Grace O'Malley going into the book, and I know little more than that now. The other women included are discussed in even sparer detail, and most of them aren't even real historical figures, but legendary story characters and mythological creatures like mermaids. She even talks about Pippi Longstocking! Not what I was expecting at all..."The Pirate Queen" is actually devoted far more to Sjoholm's travels in search of information on female women of the sea than it is to the information itself. I learned more about Sjoholm and her own life than about the women she supposedly set out to study. She describes the inns she stayed at, the weather, the tourists she met, her own childhood, the abundance of "personal bath mats" in northern European hotels... almost everything but Grace O'Malley and her cohorts. In fact, the primary underlying theme in the book seems to be how the author came to the decision to change her last name from Wilson to Sjoholm; a story which, to be quite honest, I really couldn't care less about. I bought the book hoping to learn about interesting historical figures. It turned out to be a travel memoir, and a comparatively uninteresting one at that.This is a shame, really. Sjoholm includes just enough information on the various historical women she mentions - Grace O'Malley herself, Bessie Millie, Janet Forsyth, Christian Robertson, Eliza Fraser, Isobel Gunn, Betty Mouat, Freydis Eiriksdottir, Skipper Thuridur, Trouser-Beret, Alfhild, the "herring lassies," and numerous mythological characters - to whet my appetite, but then fails to deliver a full, satisfying portrait of any of them. She raises more questions than she answers, and I'd need to buy numerous additional books to find all the missing information. You may also notice, given the names, that nearly all the women mentioned are northern European in origin. Sjoholm entirely omits women seafarers active in other parts of the world, such as the famous pirates Anne Bonney and Mary Read who, though from Europe, sailed the Caribbean.As for Sjoholm's writing style, the book is an easy read, but not a very enjoyable one. Sjoholm's writing is given to an abundance of nearly nauseating metaphors. For example: "The lava fields looked like vanilla cake batter poured over thick jumbles of dates, walnuts, and chocolate chips. In the sun the moss could also look like lemon yogurt spooned generously over granola" (pg. 222). Flowery, gratuitous, and often ridiculous images like this are to be found in almost every paragraph... peppered throughout the book like poppyseeds in a muffin, you might say... It's not the worst book I've ever read, but I do wish I'd spent my money on something else. It doesn't deliver what it promises, and there are plenty of more interesting and informative books out there to pick up instead 
0 I purchased this book based on the mostly glowing reviews from other reviewers and I am very disappointed. The Arabic fonts used are SO small that, at times, it is actually quite difficult to make out the letters. Definitely, NOT a book for people who are new to the language 
0 I bought the book after a practitioner used this technique on me. However, the information provided is too extensive and confusing, listing far too many "points" in the body with corresponding healing touches to keep track of them. The body map listing them is in the first part of the book, so you have to flip back and forth to see what the author is referring to. I also thought some of the miraculous healing claims a little outrageous. The way this system originated is also a little murky. This is a better book for people training to learn this practice than for the lay public 
0 Horrible book.  The racist continues his trend of substandard writing 
0 I had heard of the importance, and significance of "The Education of Henry Adams" for a long time. I finally determined I needed to read it.I acutally read it twice, and found less in it the second time than the first. I am sorry  I missed the greatness of this book. I am sure there was something wrong with me, but I found it to be incredibly unimpressive. Perhaps this came from the fact that Henry Adams was not a likeable man. He was famous for holding court in his home near the White House, and making caustic and negative comments about every President who lived there. Granted, he lived in Washington at a time when there were plenty of second-rate occupants of the White House. But the thought of people wasting their time trying to please  a blue-blooded snob like Adams depresses me. Why did anyone bother? He lived in an atmosphere of snobbery, sharp-tongues, clever remarks, and brilliant conversation. The world went on without him, truth be told, and he contributed less than the people who walked by his house each day. He was a very good historian in his time. But who reads his books now? Not very many. In short, his own work was not as long-lasting as he would have wanted it to be. Maybe the influence of some of the Presidents he mocked lasted longer than the published and purchased work of Henry Adams."The Education of Henry Adams" does not have much real information. He got education in one place, none in others. Surely, the suicide of his wife provided some very painful education for Henry--but he wrote nothing about it in his book. When Eric Sevareid wrote "Not So Wild a Dream," it was compared to "The Education of Henry Adams." That was meant as a compliment. Oddly, I think Sevareid's book is much, much better. Sevareid wrote of America, the common man, the war, and what it all meant to him. Adams needed to get out more. He did not see America--not the America built by the common citizen who put it all together, and defended it.  I gained a trememdous amount from Sevareid. I cannot say the same for the work of Henry Adams. Again, a lot of this might be me. Perhaps I read the book at a bad time. Maybe I needed to read it a third time. I do not know. I do know I do not think this is a great American classic. Forgive, please, my ignorance. 
0 This books starts with such promise but I find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through it! Minutiae-fest 
0 I found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics, with no insights.  Since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors, and it's only 200  pages in a fairly large typeface, I wasn't expecting historical depth.  But  I was expecting at least one fresh idea.  I bought it on the strength of a  much earlier book by Nathan Rosenberg (about technology in the economy of  the 19th century).  I was disappointed.  I get the feeling the book is  intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower  -- college freshmen born in the 1980s.  I'll bet they find it kinda stodgy 
0 I am soooo glad that I checked this out of the library and didn't pay for this garbage. I really should of listened to the reviews on this book before I wasted a day reading it. Actually, about half-way through I skimmed. The first couple chapters weren't bad, but the rest was just awful.Gracie, her ex-husband, her friends...they are the most pathetic, shallow bunch of fakes I've ever read about. What's even worse is that's the authors real life (maybe not the divorce part, but the rest of it). In the end, all I have to say is DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!! I should of listened to the others, but I didn't, and now I regret that I wasted so much time when I could of been reading something worth while. 
0 If you've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down, visualizing it, tithing - this book offers no additional insights. And despite his &quot;Official Religious Disclaimer&quot; at the beginning of the book, it is packed to the rafters with the author's own religious dogma. If you share the author's religious outlook you may like this book, but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
0 David Fromkin's "Peace to End All Peace" is simultaneously a comprehensive and very flawed work. Many of the reasons for it being one can be found in the other.Fromkin attempts to examine how the modern Middle East (extending as far as Afghanistan and some sections of Central Asia) was created during and after the First World War. Obviously, in order to do this, the fall of the Ottoman Empire in that war must be considered.This is where Fromkin's unusual methodology comes into play. Focusing on the European political machinations to resolve the "Eastern Question" in their favour, the sorry tale becomes one more of Churchill and TE Lawrence than of the Arabs and Turks who were also involved in the process. Admittedly, it was the Europeans who wielded the whip hand in deciding just where the borders were to be drawn, but reducing key figures such as the CUP Triumvirate in the dying Ottoman Empire (and Kemal Ataturk in Turkey immediately thereafter) to the status of supporting players ultimately skews the focus of the book too much.Never let it be said that this is a simple story to retell. A complex web of national and personal political interests in both Europe and the Middle East combined to make the region what it is today, and any study of all of these will be faced with the need for convoluted explanations. The problem that Fromkin has, however, is that he does not make these very well at all.The story is told in a roughly chronological manner, which means that we jump from place to place and meet a bewildering array of characters. Ultimately, the only real result is confusion on the part of the reader, who is constantly flipping backwards to see who the latest figure to make an appearance actually is.Additionally, Fromkin frequently confuses his readers with references to geographical features which are not well-shown on the maps provided. Indeed, one map (showing Enver Pasha's advance on Baku and his campaigns in Central Asia) is laughable in the extreme. The legend explains that the direction of the arrows is the direction of the various advances - which would be significantly more useful were the arrows in fact arrows, and not equilateral triagles.Where Fromkin does well, however, is in his use of purely European sources. It is perhaps unusual to say this of a book intending to tell the story of the modern Middle East, but I have considerable doubts about the depth of his research into the Middle Eastern aspects of the events in question. In terms of Europe, however, his research seems to cover the major bases of exactly what the key figures believed and did.Ultimately, "A Peace to End All Peace" is a difficult and not particularly rewarding work. A diplomatic history of Europe during the Great War can be written much better than this, and a history of the development of the Middle East following that conflict already has been (the chapters in Margaret Attwood's "The Peacemakers" or William Cleveland's "Modern Middle East" both easily outshine this) 
0 Surely I'm not the only one who found this book totally [bad].  The only thing it made me wonder about is how it's possible to write such a thorougly BORING book about such fascinating women.  The writing is just dull and full of the author's biases and prejudices, which just aren't nearly as interesting as the subjects themselves.  It's written in that old-school feminism (negative, no fun) tone that thank God feminism has since moved beyond.  My advice:  find another book about women mystics not filtered through Flinder's lens 
0 Sorry, this guy's voice gave me the creeps. He sounds like a preacher. Who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the  leading   voice 
0 Although I have only read a few specific subjects in this book, I am only giving it 1 start because the information in the section on hyperemesis is extremely inaccurate and perpetuates outdated myths about this very serious and life-threatening disease. For anyone who has had hyperemesis gravidarum (HG), reading that a spa day would be beneficial, is not only absurd, but also insulting. Many women with HG cannot get to another room of the house without help, much less drive a car to a spa! HG is a disease and not a psychological condition. Women cannot stop the disease at will. This myth has resulted in a century of poor and sometimes abusive treatment of these afflicted women, causing excessive and unnecessary stress and misery, not to mention preventable complications during pregnancy and in their resulting children. Some women have life-long effects. (... 
0 That so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me. Luckily, I bought this book used, otherwise I might be kicking myself for paying full price. Between her utterly uninspired "devotional dances" to things such as sex, wisdom, and the "Sticky One" (a term she made up for the astral body), and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to "anoint" it, I was unimpressed, to say the least. However, driving on a trip a friend and I got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book. It's very, very amusing if you don't take it seriously. The thing that makes me sad is that she's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth. There's nothing evolutionary about it, unless you consider being a wanton, idiotic freak "evolutionary". If this is what humanity is evolving into, I am frightend 
0 After reading the delightful Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, this sequel was an absolute let-down. The novel begins with the great Glass Elevator breaking through the ceiling of Charlie's (formerly Wonka's) chocolate factory and rocketing into orbit around the Earth. While beyond the reaches of Earth's atmosphere, our heroes---Charlie, Grandpa Joe, and Mr. Wonka---must deal with the malleable and voracious Vermicious Knids (pronounced "K'Nids"), aliens which resemble unfrighteningly hostile figs or turds with eyes. Far worse than these beasties, though, are the insufferable old folks whose twenty-year stint in their shared bed has made them less than useless. Charlie, Joe, and Wonka, with no help from Charlie's folks or other grandparents, save themselves and a US spacecraft from the clutches of the Knids and return to the Chocolate Factory, where the old timers stupidly overdose on youth pills, returning them to infancy or beyond. Charlie and Wonka race around trying to help these ancient parasites, who respond to this assistance with the thanklessness the reader comes to expect from these oldsters. At the end of the novel, the geriatric brigade finally leaves the bed when they have a chance to meet the President.In short, these three are the most tedious, spiteful, unredeemable characters I've come across in children's literature and I hoped that they would be eaten by the Knids or the Gnoolies or even the Oompa-Loompas as I read this book. As it is, they (unlike the awful kids in the Chocolate Factory) learn no lessons and persist in their curmudgeonly parasitism from the first page to the last. Their presence throughout the novel rendered it a chore, rather than a joy, to read.     
0 Maybe I am not smart enough for this book, it certainly isn't for the novice!!I ended up more confused than educated 
0 I wonder how long it will be before Frost's literary stock is devalued as much as it deserves to be. These are trite and banal poems that do not ring true or sincere. Frost seems distant from both his poems and the reader. What he has to say is obvious and unoriginal. How he says it is on the level of a hallmark greeting card at its best; at its worst, it is no better than a limerick. Posthumous revelations about his horrific cruelty to others and his shrewd creation/manipulation of his celebrity image as the New England farmer-poet only confirm that there was something seriously wrong with this man and his poems that an earlier generation missed. How earlier generations could find genius in such obvious observations is astounding.Bad poetry from a twisted man 
0 The book is well-written.  Most parts of it I can agree with.  But there is a crucial mistake in Parson's message --- oneness likes to play separation.   I can say clearly that oneness does not play separation.  Duality/ego is simply a mistake/illusion caused by mind-evolution.  Saying that oneness plays separation is giving reality to this illusion.  Also, his message that we can not do anything still gives one a feeling that one is under the "mercy" of something, and this is clearly very dualistic.  Without ego, both doing and not doing are actions of oneness, to intentionally emphasizing not doing is a mistake.  There are many illuminating sentenses in this book, but be aware of the neo-advaitan trap.  In my life, it was understanding, especially of the process of ego-illusion-image helped me to come to oneness.  The one who is doing the understanding is still oneness.  There is no duality in doing and not doing.  At right this moment, you can chose to continue to read this review or to stop.  Of courses, you make choices in daily life.  If you really understand what is meant by "nond-duality", you will not make such statements such as "there is no choice".   
0 I respect the message of "The Unexpected Legacy of Divorce" but it seems rather odd to call the ramifications of divorce "unexpected."  Those of us who have been through the hell of divorce know full well the problems our children face as a result.  Staying together for the children is one of the most damaging concepts of all times.  The author knows this and does present it in a way that eases my frustration a little bit.I know many people who have divorced and not one was due to not being ecstatically happy all the time.  They fell apart due to abuse, infidelity, and just plain incompatibility. What I feel matters most for children is for them to feel loved and cared for by their parents.  When you have two parents who both love and share in the lives of the kids, most hardly notice whether or not they live in the same house.When you have a parent who refuses to makes the children a priority, who constantly disappoints, hurts, and replaces the kids, there will be damage, no getting away from it.  However, is it better for this type of parent to have daily access to the kids, seemingly with the other parent's approval?  I hardly think so and will challenge anyone who differs in opinion.It is impossible for any of the children of divorce to know if their lives would have been better had their parents stayed married.  This is  a major flaw in  the research.  I didn't see any statistics for custody or parental involvement which makes a huge difference. I don't think divorce is the answer for every marital problem but when it happens, you have a responsibility to make your children a priority and alleviate their fears.  When you put your own personal interests ahead of the kid's, whether it's divorce or starting a new life afterward, kids will suffer.I don't like 'studies' like this, they're misleading and potentially damaging. 
0 There's a ton of paper in this book, overboard, in my opinion. Wading through the pages in search of a hike is downright laborious.  I've taken quite a few of the Sierra hikes and the information hasn't been detailed enough to really give me a feel for what to expect on the trail. They miscalculated the mileage and sometimes the elevation. I think it would be a better book if they chopped out half of the listings and concentrated on the truly best hikes in California 
0 I am leading a Christian study group using popular films.  I was hoping this book could help me use film to illustrate some Scriptural truth.  Unfortunately, the author was much less interested in a Christian message than to make sure he took every opportunity to insult the "church."  I know that churches have problems and hurt people, but it is not as common as this author seems to assert.He seems very angry at the church (and for some reason, all of western culture - especially America.)  Living in N. Ireland could make one suspicious of religion I assume, but despite his claims to be a Chrisitan so concerned about commmunity, he seems to enjoy tearing down more than teaching and building up.It is a good study of film (not movies - he definatley comes from a critical point of view and not that of an average person) but not very useful in the context of the church.That's my take anyway.  God bless 
0 "The Island of Lost Maps" is the story of a petty crook named Gilbert Bland who stole rare and irreplaceable maps in the '90s.  Posing as a researcher, Bland would enter rare-book collections and slice old maps out of antique atlases with a single-edged razor.  Then he would sell the maps to unsuspecting -- or at least unquestioning -- dealers.  Before being busted at the Peabody Library at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, he had stolen more than a half million dollars' worth of maps."Island" is the first book for author Miles Harvey.  In the book, he tries to pull together enough material on the crime and map collecting to create an appealing 350-page book.  He is only partly successful.  I found the material on Bland's crime fascinating.  However, Bland as a subject does not fill the entire 350 pages because his life is dull.  Unfortunately the author inflates incidents and descriptions to pad the text.  I found myself skipping pages to get back to the crime.  There is some interesting stuff about map engraving in the age of discovery and modern mapmaking. But as a true crime book, it over extends itself.  It would be a more interesting book to read if it were shorter and more focused 
0 At least this author mentions the "mockery" strategy Martha/Mdiddy tried to use to "fog" the public. The "real issue" of whether Martha/Mdiddy committed the crimes, and lack of an effort to encourage an answer to the question "DID MARTHA STEWART" lie, demonstrates some complacency. Is it this complacency Martha/Mdiddy and her pr team try to encourage and promote? Is it the "greyness" of white-collar crime that Martha/Mdiddy was trying to play on? Is society the ultimate judge about a person's guilt or innocence? If so, what has Martha/Mdiddy been judged?Be "thoughtful"~Shaw 
0   Is the main goal of EVERY male evo-psy writer to attack feminism? Here's an experiment for you: Juxtapose the ideas in this book and, say, Pinker's Blank Slate with those of,I don't know, ANY two female evo-psi writers and watch the incongruities jump off the pages. It's f&#%ing comical. But guess what? The females' books are way better thought out and accurate while the males' are a lot of wishful thinking. Hmmm....aging, successful man writes that lovely young lasses and aging, successful males are made for each other.  That men are wired to treat sexually liberated women like s@&%, and to fawn over repressed,chastity obsessed airheads. Whatever 
0 This is a nearly verbatim rendition of the Grimms' story, and it's hard to understand why Zelinsky would use his talent to illustrate it for children. Even harder to figure out is how the American Library Association could award its Caldecott Medal for distinguished American picture book for children to any rendition of this dreadful tale: The king threatens to kill the miller's daughter if she can't spin gold from straw. Rumpelstiltskin saves her life by spinning gold for her, but extracts a necklace, a ring and, on the third night of spinning, a promise of her firstborn. She then marries the king, whom Zelinsky depicts as young and handsome. When it comes time for the queen to hand over her newborn, Rumpel agrees to relent if the queen can discover his name. She sends a servant to follow him into the woods and discover the name. So the king, though he looks good, is greedy and brutal. The queen is a victim who agrees to give over a future infant to save her own life, and then depends on an anonymous, unrecognized "servant girl" to save the child. And Rumpelstiltskin, shown as physically unattractive and (the message seems to be) therefore bad, is the one who saved the future queen from execution and then relents on the payment he bargained for. A weird, twisted story that offers nothing for kids, illustrated with Renaissance-style pictures that accentuate the perversity by making the bad guy look good and the guy who saved the damsel in distress look bad 
0 I'm really disappointed in this book, because the author seems to imply that you can have ANYTHING you want, but that is just not the case.  It's a deceptive title.  I can honestly say that this book is worthless and is not going to help you; you're better off practising Feng Shui and hanging little crystals in your house than reading this book (and I'm not knocking Feng Shui, I practise it myself).  People like the author of this book just want to make a quick buck at your expense.  In the end, you'll just feel worse off, looking for the "next big thing" to promise you some more snake oil.Another fact I'd like to point out is that this author sells this book in CD format for around $60.00 (I got a flyer in the mail).  If he is truly living life according to his principles why would he even charge for these so-called "secrets," doesn't that go against his own moral values?  One of the gimmicks of the CDs is that you can learn the secret sound of "creation," as if chanting "Ahhhh" is going to make everything alright.  Thanks to Dyer and others like him, I am completely against any sort of "positive thinking" Guru.  They are only after YOUR money (while you keep wishing you had more).*Btw, you might be interested to know that after reading this book, you're only going to find out that the BIG CATCH is that Manifesting Your Destiny, according to the author, ONLY applies to spiritual matters.  Huh?  Yes.  The entire book promises you can have anything you want, but it has absolutely nothing to do with material prosperity.  The author also wants you to know that if your desire is not in accordance with "God's" plan, you don't have a chance either.  Thought I'd mention that before you read this book and end up feeling cheated! 
0 I love Heinlein.  I think that he has a unique voice and perspective in the world of science fiction.  I find that his plots and ideas are inventive.  Even this story was inventive in many ways, like some of the business ideas in regards to the new source of energy in the first chapters.  However, I found this book as a whole to be very boring.  Much of this is due to the lack of fully fleshed characters.  The &quot;main&quot; characters of each section of the book aren't fully realized at all.  I wouldn't recommend this book unless you picked it up for free and were really, really bored 
0 i tried reading it, and made it about 3-4 pages.  i'm pretty sure that's a bad sign.  i seem to recall mr. sedaris writing about his mother's bedpan or something.  the impression i instantly got was "BEEP BEEP!  PRETENTIOUS YOUNG WRITER PEDDLING SO-CALLED BAD CHILDHOOD EXPERIENCES FOR FAME, MONEY AND SYMPATHY."  guess what, mr. sedaris?  i don't give a (expletive deleted) about your so-called bad childhood.  millions of people have bad childhoods and don't play the sympathy card.  check out augusten burrough's books, they manage to have humor and touching moments without this kind of pretentious style.  
0 I'll reread any of Lipman's books multiple times - except this one.  Boring and disappointing finish 
0 I can not stand this book. I can't even finish reading it. Kevin J Anderson can not write original Star Wars books at all. The only thing I have ever seen with his name on it that was entertaining was the Dark Lords of the Sith comic book. Everything he writes is unoriginal and lacking in story. He seems to have some obsession with Death Stars and world destroyers because all he seems to put in his books are those. Darksaber, Jedi Search, Dark Apprentice, Champions of the Force, heck even the IG-88 story he wrote for Tales of the Bounty Hunters had the Death Star tied in (IG-88 transfers himself into the Death Star...what the heck?) Seriously, this book is not worth it. Try Timothy Zahn or Michael Stackpole. At least they don't always use Death Stars. And while Zahn's last 3 books are based around Thrawn, the original Heir to the Empire, Dark Force Rising and The Last Command, when Thrawn first appeared, was not him dry humping the same concept over and over 
0 I'm about halfway thru this and trying to decide whether or not to sell it to a used bookstore without finishing.  I kept thinking, maybe it's me, maybe there's something wrong with my attention span that I lose interest in these stories half way thru.  They all seem too long, unfocussed. What they really feel like is novels that have been brutally hacked down to the maximum allowable length for short stories.  The quality puzzles me because I'm almost always happily surprised by the quality and variety of short sf I read in the zines.  I haven't followed this anthology over the years, but this particular edition, imho, shows bad selection and worse editing 
0 For the most part, these people whom the author thought are prominent Jews are either ignoramuses  as regards to Judaism and our heritage (especially the 2 Supreme Court Justices, who probably never heard of the concept of tzeddek) or are not even Jewish at all. A waste of time 
0 Being a second generation member of this so called "cult" and having parents that went through the same situation as the author, I can say that he must have too weak to fulfill his duty to god and true parents...It's very sad when a member must leave. By sacrifcing you are able to develop a stronger relationship with god. Hope this helps.. 
0 I did not find this book very helpful. There is an entire chapter dedicated to which expensive pots are the best to &quot;invest&quot; in (it seems the pricier the better, and I mean several hundred dollars, I  actually went to stores and priced the recommended brands) and what kind of  fancy kitchen gadgets are needed to create gourmet meals.  I am not a  professional chef, just a simple housewife that enjoys preparing simple,  good-tasting meals for my family, the recipes here seem to be  time-consuming and complicated.  Not much money to be saved here 
0 I love Mr. Koontz and have long read his novels...Watchers, Intensity, Odd Thomas and so on but this was dissappointing, not to mention just plain depressing. And come on with the corny slap-stick banter between the characters! Okay okay, we know the 9 year- old Leilani has a high IQ but REALLY! She speaks like a 50 year-old rocket scientist and cracks jokes with every sentence? These characters were too unbeliveable for me to get into. Therefore, I put it down after 350 pages of this twattle. Koontz has done much better in the past.Lastly, let's keep dogs out of your next few novels, please? It's getting a bit old. How about a smart cat or raven for your next novel, maybe mixed with some more down-to-earth folks that speak like real people do? 
0 This is not a book I would recomend for anyone serious interested in rune casting. It tells nothing of the history of runes and it seems if the writer figured out what tarot card closely matches each rune and then wrote the book based off that info. There are much better books out there for rune casting 
0 This has to be one of the worst written books I ever read.  I can't believe there are so many ways to say the same thing. So far, Danielle Steel has found a way in the first third of this book.  I just can't read the rest of it. Generally, if a book isn't very good I can suffer through.  This one has gotten on my last nerve.  I had stopped reading her books because they had become so predictable.  But, I don't think I will be reading anymore of her books.  It's an insult to Nora Roberts and Sandra Brown for her to be ranked with them 
0 I didn't like the only other Dean Koontz book I've ever read, Watchers, but I enjoy reading Kevin Anderson's stuff so I thought I'd give Koontz another try because I'm a reasonable person and I understand that not everyone can like everything by an author.  On to the review:  I realize that this book was initially meant to be a screenplay but I think the authors would have been wise to rewrite it instead of just tweaking it a little when the movie deal fell through.  The dialog is mind-numbing and predictable.  Every time there was a car scene I could guess what kind of conversation would be held.  "You drive too fast!"  "Are you my mother?"  Over and over and over.  The idea was good.  A modern-day Frankenstein . . . or rather a Frankenstein that had never died and had made it to present day (yes, I know, Frankenstein was the doctor, not his monster.  But you get what I'm saying.).  But the dialog read exactly like a movie script would, or like a play.  This book had so much potential but the authors' laziness in not rewriting the entire thing after the movie wasn't made cost it dearly 
0  There are just too many errors ,of interpretation,omission and commission,in this book to justify purchasing it.In this review we will concentrate on Rima's(R)handling of the work of J M Keynes.On p.84,R's claim that the Physiocratic concept of hoarding is &quot;surprisingly suggestive&quot; of J M Keynes's idea has no supporting evidence to back it up.On p.133,R claims that Malthus had developed a principle of effective demand,a la Keynes.What Malthus expressed was an uneasy feeling and/or intuition that Ricardo's deductive,analytical system of market self adjustment to a global optimum was overlooking(or assuming away)the possibility of insufficient aggregate spending.Nowhere does Malthus ever systematically present a theoretical counter to Ricardo.What Malthus does is express some reservations in an exchange of postal letters with Ricardo.In chapter 20 of R's book, she attempts to deal with Keynes's theory of effective demand and Keynes's discussion of involuntary unemployment which follows directly from his theory.Keynes worked out the mathematical details in his chapter 20,titled &quot;The Employment Function&quot;.R should have simply reprinted that chapter in her book,replacing her chapter 20 with Keynes's chapter 20.R's Figure 20.1,discussed on pages451-454,directly contradicts Keynes's analysis 
0 To cover all the problems with continuity, logic, theology, geography and plain common sense in _Left Behind_ would take a whole book.  One hardly knows where to start.Perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to Christian religion by this trashy novel.  As such, it isn't even a decent trashy novel; instead of steamy sex scenes, we get sanctimonious sermonizing.  Worse than that, what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the Bible into a cheap comic book, ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it's too late.The comic book aspect can not be overemphasized.  Even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario (an idea with virtually no scriptural support), little in the characters' actions, thought processes or dialog rings true.  One gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student.  God ends up looking like the ultimate villain, demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side Or Else.Whatever happened to the inspiring Christian writers of yesteryear?  Who is the present-day equivalent of C. S. Lewis, or Catherine Marshall, and why aren't they getting more attention?  These were writers who actually made you THINK.  LaHaye and Jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing God wants us to be doing; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought.  They show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask.  One wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all, or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter.These days, it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of Ann Coulter or Pat Robertson, whose mission seems to be to turn Christianity into a twisted, bigoted caricature of what it once was.  Perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured.  If _Left Behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from Christian writers, then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind 
0 When I purchased this book I expected it would be life from a particular  bacteria's perspective.  By this I mean, &quot;Well, today our host started  a new antibacterial therapy.  The last round of therapy was tough, but we  managed to make it through unscathed.  I'm confident we'll survive.&quot;   Unfortunately, what I read was a scientific book written in non-scientific  language.  As a biology major in college and a medical student now, I've  read many scientific books written in scientific language.  So many that  they are pretty much all I can relate to anymore.  HA!  Actually, that  statement has more truth in it than I care to admit, but I thought this  book would be a nice change of pace.  Instead, it's a listing of  information about a certain bacterial species that I could have extracted  from Bergey's.  The book is undramatic and uninteresting.  I wouldn't  recommend it to anyone 
0 I read this book with an open mind.  I am familiar with the tremendous criticism that has arisen from claims that survivors of child abuse may use their backgrounds to claim some sort of privileged status.  In a few cases, I think this criticism may be legitimate; in other cases, not.  So I was interested to see if there were perhaps legitimate reasons to criticize survivors of the Holocaust or their advocates in the Jewish community.  (Note:  I am not equating child abuse and the Holocaust.  I am saying that when people speak up about terrible things, there is often a tendency to see them as whiners who are shirking their responsibilities.  All things do not have to be equally terrible to promote this societal reaction.)I didn't find anything in this book to convince me of that.  What I found was to me an unconvincing and highly subjective summary of the Jewish reaction to the Holocaust, in which the author claims that it did not become a big deal until a long time after it was over, and that it was made into a big deal for illegitimate reasons, but this discussion is so subjective and brief that I was not persuaded to adopt his point of view.  The bulk of the book consists of complaints that Jewish organizations unfairly extorted money from countries such as Switzerland.  The argument becomes fairly technical here and evaluating it is beyond me because I have never read the reports ("audits," etc.) to which the author refers.  But I think that focusing so narrowly on money misses the point.  I expected to see a general discussion of the ways in which the author alleges that an emphasis on the Holocaust caused some Jews to "play the victim card," and what I got was a very indepth discussion of several fights about money about which I have no way of determining the truth of the author's allegations.To me it seems obvious that the Holocaust was a terrible atrocity with devastating consequences for the Jews, and many lives were destroyed or damaged as a result.  It seems reasonable to me that the Jewish community would insist that society recognize the destruction and damage, and to the extent that this book detracts from this, I think it is unfortunate 
0 I love dogs but if I had wanted to know the ins and outs of dog obedience training, including the different levels snd sub-levels, I would have bought a manual. I wanted a mystery with fully fleshed out characters and a plot that kept me guessing. I got neither. The characters were neither likeable nor substantive. Except for the cop next door, I have no idea what they even look like or what, if anything, they care about besides dogs. The plot was predictable and the action stuck in first gear. Maybe the series inmproves after this book. I'm not taking that chance 
0 Temperance Brennan is an American forensic anthropologist .The author is a anthropologist in real life and I feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions ,& locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about "Gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of Gabbys place & How Gabby and Tempe were friends from GRad to man parts in life . Book was not for me I dropped it at the 3rd chapter . 
0 I'm not a cosmologist, but Stephen Hawking's Universe was so simply written it is essentially condescending.  The language is akin to the level one would read in a newspaper.  Moreover, the pictures are second rate pre-contact lense Hubble knock-offs (despite being published in 1997), and the book has very little to do with Stephen Hawking.  Sure, he wrote the foreward and did some editing, but it lacks the wit and wonder of a Hawking work.  Naming the book after him and putting his picture on the front is misleading.  I AM a chemist, and despite this, Filkin's descriptions of Chemical discoveries left even me guessing because he was attempting to dumb-down ideas that aren't dumb-downable, and didn't include diagrams which would be helpful for anyone trying to understand the concepts (like neutrino capturing or particle acceleration).  If you want to learn some cosmology, read &quot;A Brief History of Time&quot; or &quot;A Short History of the Universe&quot;.  These are simply written but informative works that won't leave you waiting for substance 
0 This collection of poems, tho representing a fine breadth of Dickenson's works, is in final assessment a crime against the poet's great talent.  As is freely admitted in the introduction, the editor, Mr. Higginson, &quot;worked on the mechanics of the poems by smoothing out the rhymes and meter, changing the line arrangements, and rewriting the dialect of the local area.&quot;  This is a free admission of the book's guilt, having adulterated Dickenson's original poems in both content and form.  Gone are the nuances and passions that make Dickenson one of the best American writers.  Gone are the premeditated dashed and capitalizations that add depth and intensity to the poems' meanings.  And, worst of all, gone or altered are many lines that contribute to the unique vision of the artist.  As Thomas H. Johnson says in the Introduction to &quot;The Complete Poems of Emily Dickenson,&quot; A representative mid-nineteenth century traditionalist was being asked to judge the work of a wholly new order of craftsman . . . which he was not equipped to estimate.&quot;  Do yourself a favor and avoid this text.  Instead, find one that is true to the original poems, one which preserves the intent and stylistic genius of the author, and one which will give you the full and lasting effect of Emily Dickenson 
0 This is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you've probably never heard of. If you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you 
0 Each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage.  Their either all friends or the same person.  I do not like this book nor does my husband 
0 I picked up this volume because its title suggested that it would encourage hands-on science activities     that are essential to good teaching and effective learning. Unfortunately, I discovered on reading it that     the author combines a deep antagonism for the scientific &quot;establishment&quot; with credulity for numerous     fringe ideas. The first experiment that he suggests tests the hypothesis that your pet uses psychic powers     to tell when you'll be home for dinner! Sheldrake frequently presents anecdotes as &quot;evidence&quot;. The &quot;do     it yourself&quot; promise of the title is broken for the reader who doesn't intend to begin raising homing     pidgeons or doesn't happen to work in a laboratory capable of measuring the physical constants (such     as the speed of light) to nine significant figures. Far too few cautions about the pitfalls of psychic     research are given (in chapters about the feeling of being stared at, or &quot;feeling&quot; the touch of a severed     limb). Despite the nearly fatal flaws of the book, I liked a part of its message, that important science     can still be done by amateurs. That's about the only aspect of this book that is commendable 
0 A very broad list of questions with high level answers. I wouldn't buy this book if I were looking for a deep framework to handle this topic 
0 If you want to believe an illusion, go for it.  Some readers say he is well informed.  Whoa.  This guy talks about science without any credentials to do so.If it makes you feel good to believe that the US is bad, the environment is collapsing, and we need socialism to survive, then this is the book for you.If you are open minded but want truthful facts to make your own opinion, find another source.Waste of money 
0 I love Judith Mcnaught's work.  Her historicals are stellar one-of-kind novels that pull at your heart strings.  In my opinion all of her historicals are winners.  SOME of her contemporary works are fabulous as well - Perfect and Paradise to name a few.  There are other contemporary flops though (Remember When, Triumphant Heart, etc).  Every Breath You Take was such a disappointment.  The plot, character development, and writing was not up to par. I found it very hard to believe that a couple could fall in love in 2 days, be separated for two years and then fall back in love instantly upon meeting again.  It was really forced.Someone mentioned it was "amatuerish" and I have to agree.  I think anyone could have written this novel.  I understand that the book was rushed, and to tell you the truth it reads like a novel that was written in a mad dash.I love Judith but this book was just terrible 
0 Will somebody please tell me what the appeal is? Yes, I know it's a classic. But it's a really, really boring classic. The prequel to Charlotte Bronte's, Jane Eyre, is the story of Bertha Mason's childhood whose literary conceit is to tell us why Bertha went nuts. It's also a didactic dinosaur relic of the 1960s that traces the source of her madness to the fact that they didn't like little French girls in Jamaica. Racism, sexism, and classism drove Bertha `round the bend. There. I've saved you the trouble of reading it. Now re-read Jane Eyre instead 
0 I have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more. The language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words. These books can cause you embaesment, since I read where ever I have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it. Please we would all like to see more of these 
0 This book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook (certainly by European standards). But the physical packaging is a total disaster. It has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins. It is difficult to read text near the spine, and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page. The most unuseable book I've ever experienced 
0 If you are looking for a "feel good" book about baby boomer retirement, this book may have some value for you. But if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to, this book isn't the answer. Each segment-work, dreams, travel-is short and doesn't address many relevant issues.For example, regarding the work chapter, the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap. Well, that is speculative with globalism. Those jobs may be outsourced. Most are low paying. Many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining. Yes, there may be Wal-Mart jobs but is this your retirement dream? The work chapter sounds a lot like most "Do what you love" books. But doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income. These and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed. I could pick apart other chapters in the same manner 
0 On our beloved Kay Scarpetta and the illustrious Ms. Cornwell?  Having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning, I simply cannot help but ask myself....is she really writing this stuff?Very slow in the beginning, I began to fear a repeat of the struggle that I endured to finish Blowfly.  However, this novel does begin to pick up momentum...but not until the reader is halfway through, and certainly not until this author had left me sufficiently disgusted.  The storyline finds Scarpetta summoned home to the scene of the crime...Richmond, Virginia, where her previous employer seeks her assistance in unwraveling the mysterious death of a young girl.  So Scarpetta---with Marino tagging along of course---heads back to Richmond from her new home in Florida to offer assistance; only to find that her old building is being demolished...and that the new one, under the leadership of Dr. Joel Marcus, is sloppy regarding policies and procedures.  The demoralization of her former staff by Dr. Marcus is also unnerving to Scarpetta; and clearly he resents her intrusion. So why has he asked her to come?Meanwhile, Lucy, as head of The Last Precinct, is once again up to her ears in nonsense.  For such a brilliant, successful young woman (as readers have always been lead to believe), why must Cornwell insist on making her so completely stupid in her literary life?  In this tale she is once again romantically linked with a narcissistic sociopath who also happens to be her employee.Worse than the weak storyline, and the fact that this novel is just all over the place, is the author's disturbingly sterotypical portrayal of African-Americans throughout.  Drug dealers are black, they're dead of gunshot wounds, and most ludicrous of all is in one instance Cornwell references a dead young man's "conspicuously large organ."  Are you kidding me?  The trash collectors are "big dark men" and of course in an upscale neighborhood, the "old black woman" must WORK in one of the houses.  The author's unbelievably narrow-minded, stereotypical view of other races is disturbing at best, and frankly makes one think that she may just be as stupid from a common sense perspective as Lucy.Read only if you must, but frankly there are better ways to spend your time.DY 
0 This book made me feel like I was being patronized. They said the same thing over and over. I wish I hadn't bought it 
0 At the young age of 25 Julie Barenson loses her husband. Shortly after he dies, a great dane puppy is delivered to her home with a note from her late husband. This part will give you the chills ... nice touch.  She names him Singer, and despite her frustrations with his size and clumsy mannerisms they grow to love each other.   After a few years of trying to get her life back together after her tragic loss, Julie begins dating 2 men--Richard, a handsome charmer who wines & dines her, brings her lavish gifts and professes his undying love very early in the relationship. The other, Mike, is a simple down to earth country type whose idea of a date is a burger, Doritos & a couple beers at the local watering hole.  So who would you choose? Ouch! I'll stop there with the comment that this could have been such a compelling story.  Instead, we are faced with trite, boring, repetitive dialogue throughout, scatterings of viewpoint shifts and a very predictible plot.  I cannot believe this is the same author who wrote The Notebook, one of my all time favorite novels. I'll have to admit the ending brought on a gush of tears.  In conclusion, Singer not only saved his owner but the book as well. 
0 Gerd Ludemann writes, "historical research shows with definite clarity that Jesus was not raised from the dead...we must acknowledge...a worldwide historical hoax", (190). A summary review of his treatment will be sufficient to demonstrate that his conclusion is preposterously more forceful than even his strongest individual argument can support.Three streams of thought permeate "The Resurrection of Christ": gospel writers each reworked tradition so as to embellish, invent, or explain away; Peter and Paul experienced hallucination and "vision" experiences proceeding from self-deception; belief in the supernatural is for the ignorant and unscientific. Each of these bespeaks either erroneous assumptions, or avoidance of two hundred years of scholarly response against counter-Christian polemic. In his chapter "Translation and analysis of the Early Christian texts on the Resurrection", Ludemann applies a pattern of subtexts which he titles "purpose and tradition reworked" (re. Gospel writers), and "historical elements". In the former he charges the gospel writers with adding to early tradition simply to reinforce their individual apologetic, or perhaps (he intimates) to cover up some element of embarrassment. For example, Ludemann asserts that we may conclude that Joseph of Arimathea was a member of the Jewish Council (which condemned Jesus), but that Mark (earliest gospel) "likely" invented notions that the same was waiting for the kingdom of God and had become a disciple of Jesus. But Ludemann needs to discredit such notions, for all four gospel writers record Joseph as the rich council member that buried Jesus in his own tomb. Ludemann's case will be much weaker if Jesus is actually buried in a tomb that could be checked later to refute resurrection claims or appearances. Ludemann gets carried away with himself when he, in tabloid fashion, suggests that perhaps the gospel writer is trying to "disinfect a tradition...of a dishonorable burial" of Jesus. This is entirely ad hoc and enjoys absolutely no support from the texts he purports to analyze. Ludemann goes so far as to accuse Matthew, Mark and Luke of being anti-Jewish! (Refer to the ridiculous Appendix 3).Is Christianity a "history of self deception"? Ludemann invests in the rather high-risk prospect of hallucination; for the burden is on Ludemann to successfully argue against several strains of evidence for the physical appearances of Jesus available in the New Testament. That any explanation can be posited does not equal all explanations are equally valid. Ludemann simply fails to evince that we ought to prefer hallucination as that which is best attested to by the various strata of available evidence. 1 Corinthians 15 is the New Testament text historians consistently refer to as central to the discussion of Jesus' multiple appearances. Even critical scholars date the creedal portion of the text (vs. 3-5) to the early 30's AD. The discussion advances from death to burial to resurrection, three physical events. Also, the post resurrection gospel narratives speak of Jesus eating and offering his body for examination, as well as being hugged! Ludemann though, convinced that he has dispensed with those gospel narratives after the fashion mentioned above, and prejudiced by his atheistic presuppositions, introduces hallucination. What accounts for these hallucinations? "Peter's vision is an example of unsuccessful mourning" (165). Paul's "event had a character of light and, like the vision of John, happened in the spirit, i.e., in ecstasy" (47). But Paul does not report "I was in the Spirit" as John does (see Revelation 1). John is deliberately conveying a non-physical experience. Paul is not. When Paul does have opportunity to convey an actual "in the spirit" experience, he does so in terms appropriate to that experience (2 Corinthians 12:2). So we have record of Paul's ability to intentionally differentiate between the physical and the purely spiritual. Ludemann employs his fanciful tendencies beyond credulity when he engages "modern depth psychology" to explain Paul's conversion from zealous persecutor of Christians to "Apostle-in-Chief of a new program of salvation" (170-171). So, we may more accurately adduce historical veracity from a study of Paul's subconscious state, than from the widely accepted facts of Jesus death, burial, empty tomb and appearances! Ludemann's examination of history fails for he maintains a priori rejection of the supernatural. Historians look for the best explanation of the evidence. Yet Ludemann writes, "Who decides at what point of historical study a `theological explanation' ought to begin" (201). This is rife with misunderstanding. One need only confirm that an event occurred in history, regardless of theological implications.  Also, simple and sophisticated philosophic arguments conclude that theism (thus supernaturalism) is an entirely logical proposition. Yet Ludemann quotes another author, "[the disciples] believed in phantoms; ... imagined that they were surrounded by miracles; ... took no part whatsoever in the positive science of the time." (175). This ignores the New Testament textual evidence that initially Jesus' disciples did not believe the resurrection had happened, and in other places they marveled at his many miraculous works. Even their primitive sense of science informed their lack of expectation for such a miracle! Ludemann is exactly right when he agrees with Paul that if there is no resurrection, we should abandon Christianity. Sadly, he reaches the wrong conclusion. Self deluded by a proliferation of "one can imagine", "seems to indicate", "likely enough", and "one thus suspects" reasoning, Ludemann boasts "accepting my perishability gives rise to a truer Easter vision". (210). May the reader decide otherwise 
0 Murky: In his book, 1984, Orwell described a contrived language he called "newspeak", designed to render politically incorrect ideas inexpressible. But before Orwell there were Russell and Whitehead, who contrived a symbolic logic that distorts ideas they deemed philosophically incorrect by combining logical quantification with expression of existence. As Whitehead wrote in his "Foreword" to Quine's Ph.D. dissertation titled A System of Logic: logic shapes metaphysical thought. Thus in his "On Universals" Quine argued that in the Russellian logic realism must be expressed by quantifying over predicates so they reference universals as "entities". And he co-authored with Goodman "Steps toward a Constructive Nominalism", a nominalist manifesto, in which all philosophers are classified as either nominalists or "platonists" depending on whether or not predicates are quantified so they reference entities. I believe that anyone who says that universals are "referenced" or who uses the phrase "abstract entities" fully deserves to be labeled a Platonist. But Loux uses the rhetoric from the Russellian nominalist newspeak. In the "search inside this book" screens at this Amazon web site the reader will find him reporting (p. 20) that realists say universals are shared "entities" and are "referents" of predicates. I ask Loux: What happened to signification? The symbolic logician Alonzo Church recognized sense (i.e. signification) as well as denotation (i.e. reference) in the functional (i.e. predicate) calculus. I ask Loux: What happened to supposition, which distinguishes reference from signification? In his book titled Meaning and Necessity Rudolf Carnap explicitly affirms that intensions (i.e. significations) may be said to be objective without invoking any hypostatization (i.e. reference), and are indifferent to either concrete or abstract objects. I ask Loux: Since the demise of logical positivism does the Russellian predicate calculus have any applications in philosophy or anywhere else? Is Loux trying to appear contemporary with the Russellian rhetoric? I see murky writing. Muddled: Loux is sympathetic to Aristotle and unsympathetic to Quine, the pragmatic realist, who rejects first philosophies with their prejudicial ontological criteria for scientific criticism, and who affirms ontological relativity in which ontological commitment is subordinated to empirical testing. Ontological relativity started as an analogy: Quine relativized ontology as Einstein relativized time. Einstein posited relativistic time as real time instead of Newton's absolute time, and he rejected Lorentz's making relativistic time apparent time. Likewise Heisenberg invoked this Einstein precedent for his own realistic Copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory's positing of duality and indeterminacy. Today physicists describe reality in terms of superposition, nonlocality and Calabi-Yau spaces in eleven dimensions. Quine generalized beyond physics to our global web of beliefs. Realism is a natural, primordial, irrepressible prejudice motivated by disappointments in our beliefs including falsifications of our scientific theories. On the other hand ontology is anything but natural or primordial. It is an elaborately complex linguistic artifact that evolves and that has a cultural history. It is reality as cognitively captured by the artifactual semantics of language expressing our accepted general beliefs including our tested and currently nonfalsified scientific theories. But in Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic and in this book Loux rejects ontological relativity, and he calls philosophies using ontological relativity "anti-Realism". In fact ontological relativity and relativized semantics do not oppose realism, but rather they enable it in this age of scientific change. I do not find this book contemporary. Loux's "Realism - anti-Realism" locution is a false dichotomy. I see muddled thinking. Marginalized: While a student I found Notre Dame's philosophy faculty unsympathetic to contemporary pragmatism and its scientific realism. When I left their graduate school of philosophy I took with me the opinion that their academic culture is a marginalized backwater preferring to protect the past rather than forge the future with new thinking. I see in this book a textbook in Notre Dame metaphysics for Notre Dame philosophy students. Readers who are cognizant of the influence of modern science on philosophy - notably how quantum theory occasioned the emergence and ascendancy of contemporary pragmatism - are likely to be more critical of this book than other reviewers at this Amazon site. Thomas J. Hicke 
0 I wanted to like this book...  I enjoyed the first two in the series.  But this one left me a bit dry...  Babylon Rising: The Europa Conspiracy by Tim Lahaye and Bob Phillips.This continues the story of Michael Murphy, a college professor teaching biblical archaeology.  He is now heading off to Iraq to follow a tip on the location of "The Handwriting on the Wall" from the days of Daniel.  He's falling in love with a colleague who is in the same area, and he fears for her safety as things start to get dicey in his life.  Talon and the mysterious Seven are trying to eliminate him, and there are a few attempts on his life.  Mixed into this story is a terrorist attack on New York designed to throw America into an economic and national panic, as well as to prompt the UN to move their headquarters to the ancient city of Babylon.  Murphy, for someone who's pretty much a small fish in the large ocean, finds himself in the middle of all this...As I said, I really wanted to like this book.  The Murphy character is likeable, and I enjoyed the action.  But the plotline was spotty and over the top.  Murphy was using martial arts to take out everyone who attacked him (highly unlikely).  Everything the terrorists tried to do was thwarted just in the nick of time (over the top).  The story attempted to be both a Christian End Times novel and a terrorist suspense novel, and they didn't do either one especially well.  Murphy's growing infatuation with Isis was rather repetitive with the "she's so beautiful" and "could she be interested in me" interludes.  And finally, none of the plotlines wrapped up.  You got to the end and thought "so?"  Fine if you're ready to read the next installment, but not good if you started here or you have to wait some months for the next one...Part of me wants to be nice, give the book the benefit of the doubt, and rate it a "3".  But the authors are better than this, and I've come to expect more from someone who's been doing this for a long time...  If you're committed to the series, you'll want/have/need to read it, but just don't come in with your expectations very high.. 
0 I bought this book for my CCNP recertification.  I ran into a bunch of stuff on the exam that was not covered in this book or was in greater detail than was covered by this book. I used Sybex books before on my original CCNP certification and I passed.  If I try to recertify, it won't be with one of those books.  I'll use Cisco Press.  Live and learn. 
0 Amazing how a writer can attempt to make an immoral organization, the corporation, look moral. Only someone like Al Capone could sympathize with this group on the Oregon. How can anyone justify having the sort of firepower as is on the Oregon. The US apparently is willing to finance the group, but the US also financed Sadam, Noriega, ... Unfortunately, in this sense it is too much like real American policy, which absolutely disgusts me (the ends justify the ends no matter how many bodies are left behind, as long as they are not righteous Americans). The characters are clich, there is no suspense since everything goes as planned, and anyone in the crew can just about do anything, including being a successful rock band. It makes me look back on the Dirk Pitt books and wonder about Dirk's morality 
0 I have yet to use an actual phrase from this guide, but... it is good for re-charging my batteries when I have to write a review and feel uninspired.  After reading through some ideas in this guide, I usually find I can then find my own words to say what I need to convey.  The fact that all the phrases are positive, I see as a good thing because I feel it's important to have a positive attitude toward the associate you're reviewing.  If there are challenges in the persons performance, the manager should have been working with the associate on that throughout the review period.  I would recommend this book but only as a way to inspire the person writing a review to come up with their own way of phrasing... rather than use the phrases in the book. The people we manage deserve more than "copy/paste" reviews.  
0 Seems amidst the turbulence and brouhaha of that James Frey fiasco, anybody who now pens their auto-bios have to first be as famous and beloved as Billy Crystal.  But then they can only put out the cotton-candy Coney Island fluff as '700 Sundays' is.  Granted, the book is based on Crystal's highly-praised Tony Award winning theatrical performance about time with his father and relatives when growing up during the 50s et al.  But it's nothing more than an appetizer to fill in and/or tide one over during the day and night Kaddish.  Yet in ripping a page out of Billy's book, it's not hard to imagine how that rapid-fire exchange between him and his agent went.  It probably went something like: "Hey, bubby, how about writing a book talking about your 700 Sundays with your pop?""Well, I'm not a writer per se.  I just jot down a few notes here and there, and then go out and perform the material on stage.""So here's a few blank pages of paper; write down what you have.""It'll only be 45 maybe 50 pages at most; and it sounds and looks much better than it reads.""Don't worry, bubby, I know people who know people who...you get the idea...at the publishers.  Here's their recipe: They'll take your 50 wholesale pages and spread `em out across 180 retail pages.  'How?' may you ask!  Well, they'll cut `em in half, then cut `em in half again.  And using big ink letters so even grandmas can read it without their glasses; surround it by a whole lot of white space; toss in some pictures at different angles from your family album -- Slap it all together between two hardcovers...It'll be just fine.""Yes, but...""Don't worry.  Consider it like a vintage bottle of Mogen David 20/20 wine, aged a few months before it makes it to the shelves of your favorite corner liquor store hangout.  In this case, the local bookstores.  Oh, and make sure you give `em just enough to whet their taste buds; leave `em wanting more and thirsty for more.  People'll drink it up.""Yes, but...""Don't worry, Face.  Everybody loves ya.  Just toss in a few tidbits from your routines about Satchmo and Mantle, you'll be all right.  Don't forget now, we've got the sequels all lined up for ya too. Y'know `700 Mondays;' then `700 Tuesdays' and so on.  Yes'sir, I can see it all now:  We've got the lock on all those 700 days of the week shtick.  Oh, and we'll do some holiday editions too, starting with `700 Hanukkahs!'"You're still friends with that kid, Adam Sandler, back from your SNL days, aren't ya?!  Yes, so we'll get you and him together to come up with new lyrics to that Hanukkah song of his.  It'll be a great collaboration.  It's good to pass down the ladder to them other kids climbing up once you've made it. Y'know God blesses and doesn't forget those things by them who do.  Yes, ok, so we'll go ahead from there and do `700 Passovers!'"And it'll be an annual event too, dont'cha know.  Just think, when people see Chuck Heston...may God keep a special place in heaven for him...when people see Chuck Heston and The Ten Commandments, they'll be thinking about you too, Billy.  Yes'sir, we'll have em crying and laughing every year on Passover, you'll see."Oh, and holy of holies, out of the deal we'll get `700 Yom Kippurs!'   You'll see.  But this will be only for our people, Billy, you understand.  So you might have to dig deep to get material for it.  But that's what authors do, they dig deep.  But you already knew that, right?  Can you dig it, man?  I knew that you could."Yes, but...""Don't worry, Face, everybody loves ya!  Your books don't have to be earth-shattering or thought-provoking or anything like that.  But hey listen, with a book deal, a books-on-tape deal, and who knows even a movie deal, we'll turn your little leaden bits into golden nuggets.  Mark my words we will. "And say, since you haven't had a hit movie in awhile...no offense...we're going to get Martin Scorsese to produce and direct your life story.  Yes, it'll be something like 'Pinch Me I'm Still Jewish: The Billy Crystal Story' in widescreen and all that jazz.  It's what everybody in Hollywood's doing right now.  Yeah, no use waiting until your dying or dead already, Billy - God forbid.  No, siree, bubby!!  "So Scorsese will do the movie on the cheap, because God knows the man deserves an Oscar already.  You know it, I know it, we all know it, Billy.  And not just an honorary or lifetime achievement either, but the really big one, see!  And just imagine, wouldn't it be something if you were hosting the awards ceremony and handed Marty his own Oscar?!  Yes, well, we can schmooze on about all this stuff later."But for now, with the books and everything, you'll be a one-man franchise, yes you will!  You'll be on the New York Times Best Seller List from now until forever!  It'll be great!!""Yes, but...""Oh and well, I didn't want to say anything just yet, but, okay, here goes: There might be plans to expand everything too!  Listen, bubby, I know somebody who knows somebody who...you get the idea...over at the networks.  "We can do a little Chris Rock in the neighborhood sort of thing.  We'll put a kid who looks and acts like you - about as tall as you - into the neighborhood that you and your family lived in, see.  "And it's going to be a period piece too!  We'll introduce all the new kids to the stars of yesteryear -- y'know, Cantor, Jolson, Jessel, Durante!  Throw in some goniffs and shiksas that the cast can work off of every week -- It'll be fun!  "Chris Rock is great.  But you can be greater too.  Listen, Face, we'll make it a celebration.  Something like 'Growing up Mazel Tov!'  Maybe we get 700 shows out of it.  Maybe less, maybe more, but people will still love it anyway.  You'll see!""Yes, but, well, I'm not really a writer/author.  I'm an entertainer, so why would I want to do any of this?""We could make a couple of dollars!""Okay. I'm in!"And so it went and so it goes.Final analysis: A So Not Looking Mahvelous, Better Luck Next Time, With All Due Respect, Sadly Not Recommended Book.  
0 Hugh Farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play Bridge.  His college-age daughter Karen, her friend Barbara, his lawyer son Duke, his alcoholic wife Grace, and house servant Joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit.  Everyone scrambles to safety inside Hugh's modern bomb shelter.As the bombs fall and his wife is passed out, Hugh starts up an affair with his daughter's friend Barbara, right in the shelter.  As if Hugh's shallowness and arrogance wasn't enough to turn you against the protagonist, this nauseating little scene will.When the shakes and quakes finally end, the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible, pristine, clean world.  At first glance, it looks like utopia, but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race, imprisoned, and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves.  Somehow, Hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in, so that he can be free with Barbara.Of all the Apocalypse Fiction, this book is the worst.  The protagonist is so lowbrow, so arrogant, so unlikable, so self-centered, so shallow, so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest.  He's not even a "love to hate" person.The dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant, and Barbara and Hugh's constant prattlings of "Darling, Dear, and Beloved" do not fit the characters.  Neither does Hugh's occasional spouting of words like "shall" and "shan't" along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the "N" word.There is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of Hugh's daughter and Barbara's friend Karen, cannibalism, castration (Hugh cared more about his "boys" than he did his real children), pedophilia, racism, and $exual slavery, they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut.The entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it, as if the author himself didn't quite believe his story.  And if he doesn't believe, how can he expect the reader to?Overall, there is no depth or flavor in this story at all, other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight, as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door.  I recommend avoiding this book. 
0 This was required reading for my British Literature class. It's the only novel in the class that I struggled with and only struggled from boredom. It is entirely possible that I just do not understand the genius that is Forster, but I did not enjoy this novel. A lover of Forster or Modernist writing might enjoy it more. It must be a classic for a reason. 
0 This book is very disappointing, as is most of Gunaratna's work on islamist terrorism. It's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear, ie. bin Laden and AQ are everywhere, responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups (such as JI) are AQ franchises - total bollocks. The book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a "scholar" who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary 
0 I couldn't read the whole thing in order to know for sure. It was dry. I didn't get the imagery - I know it's supposed to be a classic, and I really wanted to read the book, I did - but it was long and boring and I just don't get why it's so "classicly popular". Sorry, but it's how I feel. Now, that being said, I read a condensed version of it, and I discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that's as far as I can go, even with the condensed version - it was only "a little bit" interesting 
0 If you liked Whyte's previous sophomoric efforts, you'll love this.  In addition to being the same dumb, hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books, this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler:  in no real way does the story get advanced.  Arthur begins as a baby, and ends as a small boy.  There are adventures, but nothing important happens.  As usual, in Whyte's books, the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil, and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters.  With all the (totally ahistorical) democratic rhetoric, Merlin's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in Camelot.  Anyone who would read this, I guess, has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and doesn't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence, caricatures who never grow or change, and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship.  So go for it.  But please, if you want something exciting that will also make you think, look at the really good Arthurian efforts out there--Gillian Brandshaw, A.A. Attanasio, or Barbara Taylor Bradford to name just a very few.. 
0 This book was very helpul in learning about how to handle my dog 
0 This book is pure fiction, nothing more. The problem is that is presented as fact - albeit little known fact.I won't repeat the good points made by some of the other reviewers, except to say that I also concur with the criticisms of the book. It makes for difficult reading.  It really is not worth the effort, as you will not have any worthwhile information in the end. In fact, if you are a historian or scholar, stay away from it 
0 This story should have and COULD HAVE been really good. It presents a great concept, but the story is just so poorly crafted. It is VERY sexist, the prose is stiff, and the plot is dull. I will concede that it was interesting at times; it kept me reading, but I really didn't get much out of it. I can only praise Heinlein for including the "intelligent conversation" which takes place after the press conference, where there is a great explantion on why the English language is so difficult to learn. The whole story is just very odd. Do read it though. It's a title to read if you wish to be considered "well read." Despite its faults, Valentine Michael Smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten, just as we will never forget Atticus from "To Kill A Mockingbird." 
0 In seeking to develop my own grant writing course, I reviewed 20 books on Amazon.  I was sold on this one by its extremely high Amazon.com Sales Rank...probably the highest of this category.Nevertheless, I was shocked and taken aback by a comment on the introduction page, that harkened back to my eighth-grader days: "You'll learn that in grant writing you especially need to cultivate two abilities: meeting deadlines and following directions."  Despite the obvious comprehensiveness of the materials presented in the book from Ms Burke-Smith's experience, I don't know who's responsible for the talking-down attitude presented here.  This is my first EVERYTHING title, and I don't know if all EVERYTHING titles are like this, or if it's from award-winning business writer Ms Tremore.All I know is after getting such an Introduction, what reader would wish to proceed into the book's depths with that kind of attitude by one's hoped-for mentors? 
0 I have no personal experience with 12-step programs nor do I have dominant addictions (other than book and DVD buying!) but I am a psychologist who has seen a lot of people and their stories and regularly deals with smoking, over-eating and love addictions in particular. I was hoping for some new ideas to assist clients.This book takes a rational-emotive type approach to conquering addiction and on that level is fine for those wanting to look at that approach. I also found some of his reference to research of how people recover also quite useful BUT he seems to have quite a personal, and often over-generalised, attacking crusade against 12-step programs. Some of his concerns about possible problems and misunderstandings many people can have with 12-step programs were valid and useful. Similarly I welcomed his questioning of the disease model that has people always defining themselves as an addict and powerless.However he has to keep coming back in every chapter to go over and over the evils he sees in 12-step programs  - and in very derogatory judgmental language. He often even implies they are all deliberately manipulating and exploiting people. I got very uncomfortable with his imputing these motives to everyone.There appear to be many genuine people of good intention in these movements (and many who clearly seems to get a lot out of them and have recovered). I would have rather he had used his own rational methods rather than resort to such abusive  language. He could have suggested modified views and tools, and alternatives to consider. I can't imagine that he would lure anyone away from the 12-step programs he criticises by attacking everything they have been standing for. However a gentler exploration of limitations and evidence and suggestions for alternatives may have opened up a welcomed middle ground 
0 Flynn offers up a fast-paced, if unbelievable story.  Unfortunately, character development is paper thin and clearly portrays Flynn's political preferences.  Characters, like Rapp, with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles, have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the "real world" works.  Meanwhile, Flynn's politicians (the majority of whom are Democrats) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election.  While there are grains of truth in his characters, Flynn consistently goes for the cheap, partisan stereotype.  I was looking for a well-developed political/military thriller.  I'm still looking. 
0 Mark Twain once said that (and I paraphrase)the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read. That is my experience with this book. For some reason, A Tale of Two Cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists, and I figured it was one of those books I should have under my belt. So I picked it up. What a slog! A book that might have been fascinating due to its French Revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama. We were supposed to shed tears for Sidney Carton, a character who you barely get to know, and root for Lucie Manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness. The only thing I liked about this book was how Madame Defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge. An admittedly cool concept. Maybe this book speaks to another era, maybe it's past its prime, maybe I don't have the required literary sensibilities, or maybe I couldn't relate, but A Tale of Two Cities bored me to tears. 
0 A good friend of mine insisted I'd read this book, because she knows I love exploring the spiritual aspects of life. In the end I was very disappointed.  Not in the writing or the exploration aspects of the book, but Michael Crichton's whole attitude.  He would spend a chapter sharing his learnings and his eye opening experiences, only to revert back to his arrogant, narrow-minded attitude once again for the next chapter.  How can anyone claim they've learned anything in life when nothing they learn from it seems to sink in?Sadly, this book left me with a very bad taste in my mouth.  I have no desire to read any more of his books 
0 I had to read this book for a political theory class in college.  After talking with several other members I was happy to find out that I do not have the reading skills of a third grader...Benhabib goes out of her way to use vocabulary words that most educated people are not familiar with.  The book is also not organized well.  In order to really understand this book you will have to read it while taking notes.  Points that could be grouped together for arguments are scattered throughout entire chapters and even the whole book.  Benhabib may have used her vocabulary and lack of organization as tools to hide that the points she makes are not very well argued.  Throughout much of the book Benhabib is trying to shoot down the theories of John Rawls and other theorists to support her views on migratory rights.  To be honest, I disagree with her views and admit that I might have found her organization and vocabulary more tolerable if I agreed with her.  Still, I do not have a problem with her making these claims if she did so logically.  Much of her work is based on telling the reader why other people are wrong and she will use theories she supposedly already disproved in one arguement to justify her later arguments for disagreeing with other theories.  In short, I do not think anyone would want to read this book for pleasure, or intellectual curiosity.  If you have to read The Rights of Others for a class, I extend my condolences. 
0 Children love to follow instructions, step by step, and this book has an over abundance of unnecessary and inefficient steps that can make a simple recipe that would normally take 20 minutes to prep, drag on for hours. Any adult, who cooks like this doesn't cook often, cooks professionally or spends most of their waking hours in a kitchen.For example, who in a modern home kitchen cuts a stick of butter, melts it in a pan then pours it into a (plastic, microwave safe) mixing bowl? Great, now there's a pan, a knife and a cutting board to wash! It is a children's cookbook, so why not cut down on time spent with knives, stovetop flames and inevitable messes by just melting the uncut butter in the plastic mixing bowl with the microwave?  Nice pictures, large font, recipes are great, but (in my opinion) obviously written by someone working in a fully staffed professional kitchen, not a home.  
0 I have written software for development projects for 30 years and I have managed several projects. Martin Fowler has extraordinary insight, and I enjoy reading his papers for the gems of thought I find. The main lesson I pick up from this book is: Break your large project into projects sufficiently small that you can sensibly abandon Refactoring for each of the small projects.Refactoring works well in some cases, I suppose. Refactoring works well for some people, I suppose. I'm skeptical, though. Fowler filled the book with page after page of the detailed Refactoring method applied to a problem he acknowledged as too simple for application of Refactoring. He assures us that Refactoring may overload small projects with methodology, making it unsuitable for them, and it works really well for larger projects. I suspect, however, that the burden it imposes enlarges as the job enlarges. Fowler gives me no good reason to think otherwise. If I'm to risk this methodology on a large project, I want to see it perform well on a smaller project first.Fowler conceives methodologies that attract zealous disciples. In the case of Refactoring, the methodology may succeed for its attractiveness rather than for its practical utility 
0 It was amazing when i read this, how self centered and morally wrong this man was. It makes me sick to my stumach to read it. This was nothing more then glorifing his looting and murdering in cold blood. If you have a chance skip this one and read somthing like "Company Commander" or "Band of Brothers" somthing worth while 
0 I am a Jew living in a college town in Mississippi for the past 5 years. I was born & raised in the North. I think Evans should rename his book "Fiddler on the Roof in the South". His book is a very nostalgic look back at Jewish history - as it was in the past here. It's very much: the southern Jews were all so happy, they all fit in and were accepted, etc. He does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us 'Yankee Jews', like the instances when a few (Yankee)Rabbis in the South fought for civil rights. Evans should realize that times have REALLY CHANGED HERE! The evangelical Christians in my town (which is most people here) harrass me like crazy - 'I am praying for you!' 'Have you read the words of Jesus, who was a Jew like you?' 'When will you come to my Church'. Blah, blah, blah. Thank God for the minority of Catholics, Methodists, Presbyterians and a few others who live here. They are the only ones to accept me for the way I am, and the way I will stay - a Jew. I want all who are reading this to realize that I am only speaking for my experience. Jews who reside in cities in the South have told me that they have had far better experiences, and that they cannot relate to what I am saying.But I do want to ask Evans a few questions:1) If things are so great for the Jews in the South: Why have you lived in New York for decades now???2) Why don't you at least write either a new Forward to the book, a magazine article, etc., contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of Jews in the South have changed over time (for some of us at least), primarily due to the rise of the evangelical Christians?I read Evans' books before I moved here, and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here. For a Jew who really cares about her/his religion living here is depressing; it is practically Jew-less; and, at best, the majority of a certain denomination of Christians here ignore me. (By the way, I am planning to move to a city!)By the way, don't bother writing to me to tell me that I am "wrong", or to invite me to things like the Bible Study at your Church. Believe me, with all the praying for me that is going on in this town, and all the myriad attempts to convert me, if it hasn't happened by now, as they say in these parts, it just ain't gonna happen 
0 I so do not understand all the rave reviews on this book. I read it recently for a book club selection, and let me tell you, If I didn't have to read it, I would have put it down after the first twenty pages, and never picked it up again. I found it to be dark, depraved, disgusting, and depressing! An examination of love in all it forms? Hardly! These characters were just plain goofy. I finally figured it out towards the end of the book, these characters were so miserable because they were lost spiritually. They were looking to other humans to provide them with true love, and that is just barking up the wrong tree. I am giving it one star only for the rich use of language 
0 This is a complex and detailed history chiefly of Cuban exiles in South Florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various U.S. administrations. In that sense, it is the story of two cities - Miami and Washington - and two peoples - Americans and Cubans.  I have an objection, though, with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously, even gorgeously at times, written. Didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and, worse, the result is a cold, humorless, colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup. The author, in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose, apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers. It is, in that sense, a boring little disaster of a book.  
0 I know that no book can cover every topic, but this book left a lot out. It went into great detail about what I should do if I got some pretty rare diseases, but barely touched on the subject of Morning sickness, which is much more common. And some of the information was just plain wrong. I trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because I couldn't feel the baby move. It advised that I should call the doctor. When I did, I found out most women don't feel it move until 21 weeks. Unfortunately I found this out after I had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong.I would not suggest this book to anyone 
0 This book was a huge disappointment. Sue Grafton and Kinsey meander all over California but come up with nothing of substance. The author spent more time describing the decor of a hospital room than explaining the murder motive. The characters and their actions are bogus and contrived. For example, Kinsey becomes emotionally attached to a young prostitute she met two days before. It doesn't work because it isn't real. It is Sue Grafton bending her characters into grotesque positions as she tries to force a plot into this dull mess. The story makes little sense as we try to follow the seemingly interminable clues and innumerable side characters. When it was all over, I still didn't know why the murders had been committed. Save your eyesight! Do not bother picking up this book 
0 I was very disappointed to discover that this book had a homosexual character. This is absolutely inappropriate for a young adult book, and unless a parent has read the reviews that mention it, said parent would have no clue as it sure isn't mentioned anywhere on the blurb in the book.I usually am more aware of what my daughter is reading, but this time this particular book slipped under my radar.  She told me that it had a reference to a gay character, which I took to mean just a passing reference, but when I read the book, it was treated more seriously than I thought, even going so far as to have the two girls kiss.It is inexcusable, both on Ms Pierce's part and on Scholastic's.  No matter what the author's personal beliefs, it is irresponsible to have this type of content without a warning to parents. I believe that as a parent, I'm the one responsible for what my children see and do, but it sure helps to have some type of information so I can make an informed decision.Anise Hollingshea 
0 I had never read a Danielle Steel book before, and decided to give her a try, given that she is so popular and has so many books published. I was pretty disappointed. I agree with the other reviewers that the plot is unrealistic; however, if a book is unrealistic but well-written and engaging, I would still like it. I think the biggest problem with this book is the author's excessive repetitiveness. Yes, I get that this character is really cold and unloving---that was already covered 50 pages ago! In addition, character traits could have been better conveyed through situations, rather than simply stating, "so and so was a devoted mother" and repeating this fact again and again and again. These flaws in the author's writing kept me skipping through whole sections of the book. This book did not leave me wanting to read more of Ms. Steel's books. It is an ok book if you like romance and very easy, repetitive reading. 
0 The only redeeming points of this book are the few conversations that the author has with his uncle. The rest is just quotations from other books. There is enough original material here for about a chapter and a half. The author was set on making a book out of it so he just padded it with things that other authors had said. I read it to the end though. Probably because the author has a very nice writing style. He is probably a good playwrite though I have never read any of his plays. He just didn't have enough material for a book here. I'm surpised it got published 
0 I've read great reviews about this book so I finally bought it because I could not get it at my local library. Never ever finished the book - it was god-awful. Badly written, incoherent story - it jumped around - JUST PLAIN BAD.. 
0 I know that as a wolf-lover I am a bit biased, but I would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect.  You see, in this story, three children are left alone.  A wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in, because he wants to eat them.Unfortunately, that's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill.  This is just another stupid book that, summed up, says "Wolves are evil, ugly beasts who attack people!!  We have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children!"Yep, the wolf is depicted as evil in this book.  Why couldn't they make it something that actually hurts people, like a bear or a mountain lion?  Ignorance, that's why.  The wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book.See, near the end, the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts.  They plan on luring him into their trap, to get rid of him.  The wolf instantly falls for it, which is lame.  Wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on Earth!It's practically traditional to make children's books with wolves as villains, and the Chinese seem to loath wolves, but this book crosses the line.Don't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage, stupid, man-eating beasts.  If they already think so, you'd be neglecting mankind's need to know things even more by letting them read it.In other words, it's a terrible book. 
0 I couldn't read past the second chapter.  Roberts is just perpetuating the same old stereotypes about Muslims.  It really steamed me that she used a verse of the Quran out of context for the title page of "The Bitter".  "Your wives are your fields, so go to your fields as you like" isn't meant as a justification of sexual abuse and has never been interpreted as so by real scholars of the Quran.  I'm not going to finish this book, because I'd rather not be reminded of how much I am viewed as some sort of exotic, oppressed "other" type of woman, thanks. 
0 I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years.  However, this book is misleading and dangerous.  Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem (except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries).  Writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - Mr. Crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen, and provide plenty of "references" to support this premise.  Tragically, in the long term, global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust.  I hope that someday Mr. Crichton recognizes that, in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining, he has enormous influence on people's thoughts and actions through his books.  There is a quote: "With great power comes great responsibility."  But in this case it would seem: "With great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet. 
0 If you think you'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting, then you'll enjoy this book. 
0 I was quite surprised and disappointed with this book.  It is not at all a horror story, not at all mysterious, really it was very boring.   Normally I enjoy Koontz books.   
0 I finished it because a friend recommended it, but had she not, I would have quit after page 20. I wasn't interested in the story or writing. I didn't find the story grotesque; I've read a lot worse dealing with the various topics in this book, but I just didn't find the protagonist very interesting. He went a bit nutty at the end and it is understandable given the situation.  We learn about why he had to stick so tenaciously to his religious beliefs, to redeem himself. His actions didn't seem out of line, either during the war or during the plague, given his dire predicament and previous behaviors and experiences.  I know this is a great example of a book written in second person, and perhaps for that it is worth reading.  I wouldn't pick it up for enjoyment or leisure 
0 god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic.  and yes, maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book's great reputation, i entered it with high expectations. - which the book however did not satisfy.  yes, it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time, a lampoon of the courtship ritual, and of course oh so witty, blah blah blah, but it just wasn't my cup of tea.  the main character was likeable, but that aside, i found it completely insufferable to read through, and absolutely painfully boring.  every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted, let alone the ending.  not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with, "then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea, walked and talked and had more tea, then got married and lived happily ever after."  the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama.  it would save more time just to watch a chick flick.  so if you're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters, witnessing the agony over who's going to marry who (even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance), then this is the book for you!!  if not, then i suggest picking up some dan brown.            
0 I'm a big Nora fan, but I couldn't even finish this one. By the fourth chapter I began to skim. WAY WAY WAY to much detail for me. Which made it boring and slow. Testing and corrosion, is it fake, is it real ...blah blah blah. ENOUGH! I did however enjoy the side story about the brother (I forget his name). But thats it folks. Unlike ALL the other reviewers, I hated it. I say PASS on this one. But as you can see, I'm in the minority 
0 Should Martha Rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a "business decision"? I would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this "criminal spectacle" designed to make the question of Martha/Mdiddy's innocence a moot point. Are honest business practices being pushed to the side? By normalizing, generalizing, and minimalizing Martha/Mdiddy's crimes, are we loosing our morality? How important is integrity to a leader...former CEO of a company?Be "thoughtful 
0 Having read Detective Comics #471-479 in the 70s done by this same creative team, I picked this up, hoping for more of the same. What a let-down! I have to ask - What Happened!?The art on those erstwhile 70s issues was the finest, most detailed art I'd ever seen in a comic-book. I think that was due mostly to the inking of Terry Austin. When he was working on X-Men, he gave John Bryne's pencils that fine detail as well.Has Austin done a 'Gil Kane' and given up his nib-and-ink to work with marker-pen? This Dark Detective series shows none of the fine-ness of his previous work. You only have to compare the 'flash-backs' of this series to the original Detective Comics issues to see that something is wrong.Maybe Austin or Rogers are getting older, but the artwork is very basic, and lacks the sheen they used to produce. The art sometimes actually reminded me of Bob Kane's early work.The story also is a little unbelievable. It portrays Bruce as a love-sick puppy and just doesn't ring true. Also, the lettering is - well, it's been hand-done, by Rogers I surmise, and is quite uneven. It should have been done by computer.I'm sorry - I SO wanted to like this, but it's nothing like the calibre of work that this creative team produced in their glory days of the 70s.  
0 This book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or European or is overly valued in American history textbooks.  Loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit, but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous.  "Lies My Teacher Told Me" could have been an amazing book, but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a 23 page paper debunking half of what the author wrote, much to the dismay of my idiotic Sociology professor.  The only reason I didn't give the book 1 star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good, but the book as a whole is just far too biased 
0 Reviewer Alianore's opinion "Rather too indulgent of its subject" is a very accurate portrayal of Weir's work. I will try to add something to that near perfect review. (Note: I listened to the unabridged audiobook of "Queen Isabella", 22 hrs on 18 CDs).The first half or so of this biography is mostly enjoyable, loaded with period details. The last third is the worst: Weir's fawning dedication to a glorious rehabilitation -- nay, elevation -- of Queen Isabella to the role of long-suffering, much-wronged, highly-deserving, and late-redeemed Just Queen of England.This book is really "subjective, rhetorical biographal dramatization". I do not consider it to adhere to an academic standard for objective history and analysis. It is rhetoric because of the endless "weasel words" (and expressions) used copiously throughout: "Some say", "It has been said", "Many believe", "Therefore we may assume", "It can be inferred" ... this isn't just an attribute of her style ... it *is* her style comprehensively. These expressions occur many hundreds of times, commonly in conjunction with Wier's subjective analyses that present her beloved Isabella in the best possible light, always giving her every benefit of the doubt and shifting negative interpretations onto other persons.Equally irksome is Weir's double-standard of historical psychological analysis. She is always 'declaring' for us the contents of Isabella's thoughts. Remarkable gift she has for this. Many times Weir reasonably states that modern psychological and socialogical interpretations of medieval history are inherently invalid or at least not meaningful. But then moments later she will portray Isabella's actions from a 21st century point of view ... always telling the reader how Isabella must have, might have, could have, would have been thinking and feeling about one situation after another ... often presented in a positive way that is only supported by a present-day psychosocial interpretation of 800 year old history. This isn't historical writing, it is historical op-ed, with an obvious agenda.I don't loathe this work, it is enjoyable in many parts for its color characterizations and depth of detail. The narrator of the audio book has a wonderful voice and good pacing. But this is highly flawed in its editorial approach to historical biography. (Other egregious examples of such hagiography include Edmund Morris' "Rise of Theodore Roosevelt" and "Theodore Rex". I could not complete either of those since Morris is so obviously enthralled by his subject, lovingly lionizing him in every sappy sentence. Yuck. Really.)If prefer more history when reading (or listening to) history. And much, much less editorial subjectivity, retroactive psychology, biased interpretation and rhetorical postulation. The only way I could enjoy "Isabella" by Weir is to accept her bias up front and listen accordingly, taking it with "several pounds of salt" as the above referenced reviewer advises.2.5/5 
0 Being an engineer in the aerospace industry I was highly interested in this book based on my experiences from the vantage point a "hard industry." I personally believe that it's in our long term interests to maintain a strong manufacturing base because that's the foundation of real wealth, not legal services or newswires. So this book sounded like the perfect source of information to explain our current economic situation, give an assessment of how bad or how good it really is, and suggest ways to improve it. Oh, how very, very wrong I was . . .  This book started off strong, . . . for about four pages. After that a litany of tortured logic, un-sourced assertions, facts taken completely out of context except for the author's subjectively added adjectives, Orwellian double-speak, sleight of hand arguments, flat out ridiculuos statements, contradictory assessments, and even emotional vitriol coalesced not so much into an argument for industry but one for eighteenth century mercantilism with perhaps a sprinkling of far left George Soros on top to serve as an update for the twenty first century. Even a broken watch is correct twice a day though, so there were some good points in the book which buy it the 2 star rating. These include: - Manufacturing provides a large source of proprietary knowledge which both improves productivity and serves as a barrier of entry, creating an industry with a large base of high paying jobs, provided it's run right. (A big if.) - High wage nations can still compete effectively with low wage nations in manufacturing by being capital intensive. - Americans need to save more and our education system needs to produce more engineers and technically oriented graduates. - There is some excess in the financial services and managers of publicly traded companies take too short term a view, leading them to sell the company upriver in the long run because of a personal temporary short term gain. (i.e. Enron)  A scholarly, fair, and comprehensive book that focused on the above would be extremely interesting and useful. This is not what you'll get in this book though. Instead you'll get:A begining section about postindustrialism, things like the internet, information technology, financial services, etc., the things that make the services based economy. In three chapters the author simply sets up straw men by taking the worst examples of post industrial advocates, instead of presenting a comprehensive picture of the post industrial argument. Not being satisfied with this he proceeds to beat the straw men, set them on fire, and piss on the smoldering remains. This is where vitriol even comes out, where he equates the post-industrialists to people incapable of even thinking. If someone has to go to this extreme to make their argument, they probably don't have one. Most telling he leaves the final assessment of the value of the internet to a feminist. To me, this would be like leaving the final assessment of how good a bicycle is to, oh, I don't know, let's say a fish.A middle section extolls the virtues of manufacturing. This is a bunch of hand picked anectdotal stories and there's no overview of manufacturing in the world or its real impact on economies at large. This is the kind of subject that screams for reams of data, charts of GDP growth over time, pie charts of the breakdown of economies into services, manufacture, agriculture, etc. You will get none of that. There's little value except in reassuring the obvious, high wage nations CAN do manufacturing. Many of these cherry-picked anectdotal examples still don't quite dove-tail with all his claims about manufacturing though! You also know you're being left in the dark with a plethora of CYA disclaimer statments like "while Industry_X has certainly had its share of problems recently . . ." at the begining of a section.   A final section basically amounts to an attack on laissez-faire, free markets, and the concept of free trade. George Soros and a bunch of other lefties, with Pat Buchanan thrown in for "balance", should be listened to instead. The worst part of this book is the author's lack of an ability to make any sort of coherent argument. Examples of twisted thinking abound:- A post-industrial "industry" grows five times over in a certain period. The author then goes onto explain how this is not really real growth but something that in reality is bad. Later he proves how great a manufacturing industry is because in the same period it grows a whopping 60%! Self contradictory evaluations of the performance of services vs manufacturing is common and always falls down on the side that the manufacturing industry is far far better than the service industry even when all the standard economic indicators suggest otherwise. The author's challenge to the reader seems to be "who are you going to believe? Me, or your lying eyes?" - He rips into American post industrial industries as being labor intensive and vulnerable to low wage nations because Americans are no smarter or more creative or more anything than laborers around the world. Later he talks about how great German manufacturing is because Germans are so much more diligent than the rest of the world's workers. - The only facts he presents - and they are surprisingly thin and overwhelmed by mere assertions - are always modified by his subjective opinion and never put in context. When describing service industries "paltry" $50 million revenues, "only" 60,000 jobs, "disappointing" 24% of revenues from foreign sources is common. But when describing manufacturing "a very high" $6 million revenues, "a good mix" of 1,500 jobs, and similar glowing assessments are inevitable despite the number to follow. A number in and of itself means nothing. The fact the author leaves out any head on, direct comparison between industries is telling. - Official figures are the ultimate source of information when they agree with what the author believes. When the official figures don't agree with him, he finds some loner who does and then barely explains how this time around the official figures are somehow wrong. When attacking his straw men though, he accuses them of ignoring official figures and quoting some loner.  - Gems of Orwellian double-speak sentences include examples like "Solar is already a fully competitive source of energy in remote areas that do not have grid electricity. (pg. 184)" I.e. it's competitive where there is NO competition! And "Even in Singapore, one of the freest societies in the East, the savings rate was successfully boosted by a system of forced savings . . . (pg. 229)" That's not very free if it's FORCED is it? (His defense of solar is one of the most hilariously pathetic eight pages I've ever read and really is worth the price of the book. He capstones it with the "most encouraging" observation that solar cells have gone from producing one third of the energy used to make them before they wore out - that is consuming more total energy in their manufacture than they eventually make!- to now producing three times as much energy as required to produce them before they wear out. Wow, what an achievement. Any ACTUAL power source converts many thousands of times the energy used to manufacture it before it's internal workings wear out, but whatever . . .)- Americans are dumb and the only successful American companies basically blundered into monopolies on standards. The American economy, despite the statistics, is in bad shape. The Japanese instead are eight feet tall, can read people's minds and see through lead. The Japanese economy, despite the statistics, is in really great shape. This type of persistently biased characterization makes you question everything he claims, and eliminates any value or truth he might actually have in his arguments. The author basically can't get out of his own way.  - He always attacks opponents of his viewpoint by claiming that they don't put numbers into context, are using twisted logic, making mere assertions instead of quoting facts, etc., apparently oblivious that these are the very same tactics he himself uses!- He claims Boeing is no longer a good company because 30% of components in a Boeing aircraft are now made abroad vs. 2% in the 1960's. This is actually because foreign manufacturing for those components happens to be better and cheaper. America isn't doing that badly in aerospace by the way. The author fails to mention that 50% of the "European" Airbus is made in America. This is an example of free trade actually distributing production to where it is most efficient. The list goes on and on to ridiculous proportions. You'd have to buy the book to see them all because there's at least one thing an alert and critical reader can find highly questionable on each page. All in all, this book was way off the mark and a highly squandered opportunity. It's really a mercantilist argument, and the only common thread that I could see in all the author's cloudy reasoning is that nation's should do everything in their power to export more than they import no matter what. It's NOT, unfortunately, a book about how to revitalize American manufacturing in a globalized world. 
0 An elf appearing to Harry Potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery. The Chamber of Secrets, he said, had been opened and a  monster is lurking. Harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster, challenge it and save students who have been "petrified" by the monster. Age group interest: early teen. I wanted to see what all the rave was about. Lots of action, not much morale.Trish New, author of The Thrill of Hope, South State Street Journal 
0 I love to read great books like BRAVE NEW WORLD by Aldous Huxley or FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD by Thomas Hardy. I love THE AENEID by Virgil, THE ODYSSEY by Homer. I read both long versions of LES MISERABLES and THE HUNCHBACK OF NORTE DAME by Victor Hugo. I read THE RISE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE by Gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so. I LOVE TO READ.But GREAT EXPECTATIONS was a GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT! I was somewhat amused until chapter ten where I felt the book became psycho-babble. I was also disappointed in TALE OF TWO CITIES. I could not endure the first two chapters! Dickens did a fine job on THE CHRISTMAS CAROL. But I will NEVER read another of his books 
0 Casual book browsers who stumble across Braden's book, "The Isaiah Effect," might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title: that there exists some mystical, unifying code which is only now being fully understood through modern techniques, research, and understanding. I, as one such browser, had briefly read about the so-called "Bible Code" which computers have now enabled man to explore and thought that the subject of this book might be related. With my interest piqued at the title and the book description, I delved into the pages expecting to learn exactly what encompassed Isaiah's "precise instructions" of prayer. I wanted to know exactly what Braden claimed to have stumbled upon.What I found in this 250 page foray into countless subjects was nothing other than a pastiche of new-thought concepts. The mixing of religions, for example - a sort of pick-and-choose spirituality which has slowly been creeping its way into the mainstream for decades - is recycled over and over again, drawing from endless sources of gnostic gospels and other lost books. In only one chapter does Braden actually begin to describe in detail verses from the book of Isaiah. Instead he relegates the books of the Essenes to positions of higher authority and prominence.In the brief pages in which Braden actually does discuss Isaiah, his conclusions speak nothing of a decoded lost science. His basic premise of "The Effect" is that people can alter their futures by the choices they make in the present. Such a revelation is not a new interpretation of Isaiah at all. Any student of the Bible and Christianity knows that all the prophetic books of the Old Testament are records of God warning Israel, and the world, of turning away from Him.To Braden's credit, his discussions of the effects of prayer in today's society are commemorable, albeit somewhat misguided. I agree with him that people in today's society need to turn away from the petty details of life with which they've surrounded themselves. However, I believe Braden over-emphasizes the role of feelings and emotion in prayer. He fails to discuss how humans, and their emotions, are extremly fallable and can change as quickly as the winds in his anecdotes.Braden wants desperately to believe that the true power of prayer is to be found in all the lost science which he has uncovered in ancient texts. In the process he fails to recognize that the blueprint for prayer has been known to man ever since he was created. Humbleness before God and the filling of the Holy Spirit are the true keys to prayer - not cosmic emotions and human feelings.A disappointing read 
0 I must say I enjoyed the book, but the ending was so sudden, with so many things left hanging, that I was disappointed.  I wish one more chapter had been written to clear up- how did Manderly catch fire, what did they do when they got to the burning house, and how did they pick up their lives. All we had at the ending was ashes. Also, the narrator, who never gives her name, was sometimes very odd- hiding behind doors in her own home, sneaking food, hiding behind chairs. The book is worth reading, but I wish that, instead of spending so much time describing the trees and the sea, Du Maurier had written a better ending. 
0 IM not sure where to begin with this review, its not that the book was poorly written, quite the opposite it was a very good piece but it lacked any sort of luster or appeal. It was quite infact extremely boring, by page 300 I could not wait for it to be over and this is weird because up to this point I have LOVED the gunslinger series, they were all very good from front to back. There is way, way, to much about Susanah and the whole thing about her having this baby and it dragged and draged, maybe this series is showing its age im not sure but one thing is for sure it was no Wastelands or Wizzard and Glass. It was a far fetch from those titles and it had barely any excitement. It got to the point where I had to try very hard to pay attention and often I would find I had read a page and not remebered what it was about and had to read it again. Im giving this book 2 out of 5, very poor story line, poor plot however it was written well I can only hope that the next book is better, cmon King give me the feeling Wastelands did, BLOWN AWAY!! rather than tired and exhausted 
0 I agree with a number of previous reviewers. Grimassi stretches a poor understanding of historical context to fit into what he bounces between &quot;wicca&quot; and &quot;witchcraft&quot;.  Wicca is not an old religion, indeed it is not much of a religion at all. It has always lacked definite theology (what is the saying about ask three wiccans what they believe and you'll get four answers...) and Grimassi does more damage than good by presenting historical materials is non-scholarly lights. In fact, the book is poor on all accounts. From confused terminology to &quot;chopping&quot; of source materials. This is a waste of money 
0 The writing was very disjointed in my opinion.  I had to read and re-read many sentences to figure out what the author was trying to say.  It was a struggle to read. No likeable characters.  I made it to the part where it was introduced that Madeline slept with the ex-husband and current wife.  Give me a break!  I moved on immediately.  Too many good books waiting for me to waste time on this absurd tale 
0 AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age.  The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts.  His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies.  But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound.	If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)"  Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)" 	At times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible.  He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design."  He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved.  He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process.	Deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms: Intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself.  Whether your word game tosses in the word "quantum" or not doesn't change much.  What a solipsistic thought; what a solipsistic world.  I wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness Deepak speaks of wouldn't, after awhile, go insane 
0 The book is fine, except I had to skip lengthy descriptions about the dog trainer.  She's such a boring character.  She's young, but not motivated to work.  In fact, she quited one of her jobs when Macon covered her rent.  The dog training job was just a pretext for her to try to hook up with some men, and get support.  The point is that she doesn't enjoy the job, thus, a detailed description of her dog training job (which she doesn't seem to enjoy) was just a boring digression 
0 A serious snooze fest.  Of course, if you are a huge Kim Newman fan, you'll be pleased; literally every other story in the book is one.  If you must read this book, check it out from the library; at least that way you won't be wasting your money 
0 I have read several of Hiaasen's books and loved them.  They were very funny.  This one is not.  It is an endless description of naked strippers.  I found the main character, Erin, to be very unappealing.  She is just so stupid.  Her problems are all of her own creation.  And she is not funny.  I think you have to be a man to like this book.  I, as a woman, just found it exceedingly boring.  I kept waiting for it to get funny.  It never did 
0 A pamphlet would have accomplished what this guy said in the entire book!  I wanted to strangle him!  Repetitive, condescending, overly simplified and so BOOOoorrring!!!  Here is the nuts of it all:  Pick a stable stock with a narrow spread between bid and ask.  Buy 2000 shares and then sell it 1/16 higher right away.  Everything else is simply preamble... over and over and over.  Hope I saved you 20 bucks 
0 As a fervent admirer of Peter Bart's previous books, The Gross and Who Killed Hollywood, I was extremely disappointed with this one.  I feel he sold out by flacking for Peter Guber, whose exploits were richly detailed in the book "Hit and Run".  There's really nothing new in here, and you'd be well advised to avoid it 
0 Oh my, all the terrible reviews for this book are true!!  Ms. Steel is excessively repetitive....I mean EXCESSIVE.  Ms. Steel goes into too much background on the characters way too early in the book...and she continues to repeat this information over and over and over and over...you get the picture.  I too found myself saying, "Okay, we get it already..."  I also agree with one of the reviewers who mentioned the bonding experience the men had.  I don't know the men Ms. Steel knows and hangs out with, but she had these me talking about their feelings with each other, as well as how their dysfunctional pasts had affected them.  Oh please, no man on earth talks that way.  Especially to other men.  This book is completely aweful.  The plot is so slow and does not grab the readers attention.  I have read many of Ms. Steel's books and I believe this one is her worst.  I have now started reading Sandra Brown and she is sooo much better.  I recommend "The Alibi."  So far that has been my favorite by her.  She has mystery, suspense, romance...  Her words are so much more descriptive and interesting than Ms. Steels.  To sum it up, I was completely disappointed with the book "Toxic Bachelors."  I highly recommend Sandra Brown, she is a much better author 
0 I picked up this book expecting a fresh approach and analysis of Dr. King apart from the obligatory images we're force-fed each new year.  Instead, I was disappointed to find that Eric Dyson made heavy use of speculation with the intent to scandalize more than to inform and enlighten.  One such example includes Dyson conveying the idea that Dr. King may have engaged in orgies with many different women along with his right-hand man Ralph Abernathy.  He then goes on to infer that there was talk of King and Abernathy engaging in sexual acts with each other!  The author had no commentary to either support or dispel this "theory" making Dyson's retelling of the alleged incident totally irresponsible and even libelous.  He just dropped the information, true or untrue, in the readers lap to do with as the reader pleased.  To that end, it is my opinion that Dyson's intent in writing this book was in no way honorable or truth-seeking, rather it was a means to convey his baseless ideas to anyone who would listen.  I'm reminded of something my grandmother and mother would always say to me, "an empty wagon makes the loudest noise." Eric Dyson makes a lot of noise in this book but totally lacks substance.  This was an expensive tabloid 
0 Yet another offering from the Kinkade art product assembly line. Pass on this -- Read real books and buy real art instead 
0 In the name of science, you will try to prove with propagande;if you really want to decode how junk scientifics manipulate the world: go http://nomorefakenews.com and do not buy this junk BOOK 
0 As a Certified Information Systems Security Professional, I can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever. I got this book based on the glowing reviews I found here, and I'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it.The most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle "An Integrated Approach to Security in the Organization." The book not only lacks effective security integration techniques, it doesn't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration. 
0 I'll put my opinion first, so there won't be any doubt in your mind.  I don't believe that you can write useful books about national character.  Is there really such a thing as &quot;national character&quot;? People are  just too different, too unpredictable. How well can you predict the  behavior of the people closest to you ?  How well can you predict what  people in your own country will do ?  Would every Italian, if they could  write well, have written the same book as Mr. Barzini ?  I seriously doubt  it.  So what we have in THE ITALIANS is one man's views on the conglomerate  nature of 50 million Italians.  After reading it, I felt even more strongly  that such books, though possibly entertaining, are a waste of time.  An  informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ?   Anthropologists have  been concerned, for many years, in getting the &quot;inside view&quot;--the  view of a culture as seen by the person within it.  While Barzini is  indisputable Italian, he tries to visualize Italians as seen by foreign  visitors, then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there, why  they are as visitors see them, or why they are not as foreigners may think.   This is not a successful gambit.  Cultures are based on many general  factors--like history, socio-economic patterns, religion, family,  etc.---but the specific results are just that, specific.  Barzini covers  many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of  something rather than actually having that quality; the family vs. the  state; Italian modes of achieving success; the north-south split; Sicily  and the Mafia; and last, the tragedy of Italy's long domination by  foreigners.  But nothing really connects.  There are only superficial,  scattered impressions, nothing very concrete to grasp.  The reader is left  with a handful of stereotypes.  Barzini is at his best when describing the  lives and modus operandi of particular characters in Italian history.   These sections were well-written and interesting.  But his portrayal of  Italian &quot;character&quot; is fuzzy, contradictory, and ultimately,  unconvincing.  Finally, if you are a lover of lists, you will thrill to  this book, because there is a list on nearly every single page.  Myself, I  got pretty tired of those lists.  If you want to know something useful  about Italy, read another book.  If you just want entertainment, which  might support any stereotypes you have about Italians, then this book could  be for you 
0 The author has her narrator("Cinnamon") spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating Scarlett,in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship. Even though she's calling the shots,as it's her book, Scarlett still comes out miles ahead. Perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society,but there WAS once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies,such as "Ivanhoe" presents.The story may have been one-sided,but it's the side MM chose to tell,and there's kernel of truth in the "myth" of the Old South,as in all myths. Margaret Mitchell has nothing to fear from this silly so-called "parody",which is really a subconscious-or not so subconscious,in fact-effort to knock from her pedestal,that epitome of heroines-Katie Scarlett O'Hara and the wonderful Melanie Wilkes.As if Rhett would ever give any other woman a serious thought-he was obsessed with Scarlett.That's why he turned to women like Belle Watling.And to imagine Mammy killing the male babies,when she had been devoted to Ellen O'Hara from Ellen's childhood.Thank goodness this book isn't a pimple on the fanny of the classic GWTW,because what it is a a travesty-and not even a well-written or engaging one at that.GWTW will still be read and loved for all time,like the classic it is,when this book is selling for a quarter at garage sales.I didn't even pay that,thank goodness-the woman gave it to me,and I read it and burned it with the rest of the trash.I'd give it a negative star if there was such a rating.Ludicrous and laughable-try again,Ms Randall,and try to get over the jealousy of Scarlett and Co. Again,Margaret Mitchell need not fear,LOL 
0 Bill, when will you just die?if you read this feel free to email meevan.fett@gmail.co 
0 I am not going to repeat other reviewers discussion of the lack of character development.My issue is with the lack of basic research.  One incident has Hawke's Zodiac being fired upon by a French Patrol Boat's missile.  Bell uses the Harpoon missile as the weapon.  The French have their own very effective ship to ship missile in the Exocet.  Very unlikely that the French would use an American made Harpoon.  Later in the novel, Hawke is taking off from a carrier deck in the latest VTOL aircraft, the F-35.  The catapult fails and Hawke is put in grave danger.  My problem, this is a VTOL aircraft, which the author goes to great lengths to mention and describe.    Why would there be a "cat shot" at all.  VTOLs are designed for vertical takeoff and then transistion into level flight, which, again the author describes.  Also this scene has nothing to do with the story.  Just another "Saturday Cliff Hanger" episode.This is my second attempt at a Ted Bell novel, ASSASIN being the first.  There are too many other writers out there than give a sense of believability for me to waste my time on this type of thriller.  I believe the author has the ability to create a very good novel.  I wish he would cast aside the unbelievable and go with something a little more creditable 
0 The literature of September 11 is never attacked.  When a book speaks of September 11 (or of terrorism in general), it is more or less guaranteed immunity from criticism; it will almost inescapably be greeted with sympathy.  Jonathan Safran Foer's EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE banks on such sympathy, on such reverence.  The narrative, which concerns a nine-year-old boy named Oskar Schell in search of a key that would unlock / unshell the enigma of his dead father (a narrative stolen, in its basic outline, from Guenther Grass's DIE BLECHTROMMEL), could have been written entirely without its scattered references to the terrorist interventions.  Nor is this trauma the only one presented in the novel: the others include Hiroshima / Nagasaki, the Staten Island Ferry crash, and the Dresden bombings.  Each disaster is generalized to the point at which what is addressed is not a traumatizing event in its specificity, but historical "trauma" itself and the overcoming of trauma through bereavement-inspired creation.  Oskar, the insufferable brat, attempts to complete the work of mourning for his father, Thomas Schell, Jr., a victim of September 11, by compiling an almanac of self-inflicted wounds, the collage of images and letters which is the book we are "reading"---an almanac which, most likely, is written sometime in the indefinite future (Thomas Shell, Sr.'s manuscript of 4/12/78 is heavily edited (pp. 208-216).  Who has done the editing?  Almost certainly an older version of his grandson Oskar).  If the term, "reading" even applies.  Whenever a "pregnant" image is described, Foer literally re-presents it in the form of a pictorial image.  When a flock of birds rises into the sky, it is not enough that we read of these birds---we must see them as well.  Words may not be left in their invisibility; we are presented with supplementary photographs, illustrations, since mere verbality is not enough.  (Indeed, the entire novel oozes with misologos --- the mistrust or hatred of language --- in terms of both its content and its form.)  Photographs, yes, and also a superabundance of blank pages and nearly blank pages.  Space is not used in the manner it is in the works of Edmond Jabes, for instance.  Typography does not substitute for a well-wrought sentence.  Foer abrogates himself of all responsibilities --- most specifically, the responsibility to write well.  Why bother when the pyrotechnics of typography are at his disposal?  As far as the writing is concerned, it is composed of nothing other than mind-numbingly, soul-deadeningly repetitive phrases ("heavy boots," "raison d'etre," etc.) and Sunday school platitudes: "Sometimes one simply wants to disappear" (184); "There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself" (184); "Everything that's born has to die, which means our lives are like skyscrapers" (245); "How can you say I love you to someone you love?...  It's always necessary" (314).  Whenever the author writes something that he finds "beautiful" and "true" (165), he congratulates himself on his brilliance and tells us that that thing is "beautiful" and "true."  The entire book reeks of such unearned profundity.  We also learn that most dust is made up of human detritus---a very deep truth indeed, one that Foer also communicates in his essay, "Emptiness" (originally published in PLAYBOY) with all of the sanctimoniousness and self-righteousness of the faux naif who serves as the center of the novel, a Sunday school lecture in which we learn that famous musicians (Ringo Star) and scientists (Stephen Hawking) are unthreateningly approachable: everything is familiarized.  Perhaps it is wrong to criticize Foer for including so many blank pages in EXTREMELY LOUD AND INCREDIBLY CLOSE, since the entire book is a vacuum: null space into which readers may project their own meanings.Joseph Suglia, Ph.D., the author of WATCH OUT 
0 I was really looking forward to reading "Ever After" when I saw the favorable quote on the back cover by  Larry Gelbart. But the book turned out to be a VERY cursory glance at the past 25 years of musical theater with remarkably little insight. Here are the three things I learned from this book: (1) Mega-musicals are almost always artistically corrupt; (2) Andrew Lloyd Webber is the anti-Christ; (3) The only innovative musicals to arrive in the past 25 years started Off-Broadway (mostly at Playwrights Horizons and Lincoln Center). Most of the hundreds of shows mentioned in this book get one paragraph each, with very few illuminating details. Here's what the author says about "Carrie," perhaps the most famous recent Broadway musical flop: "Carrie, of course, was an instant classic, a monument in the pantheon of failed Broadway musicals. Adapated by Michael Gore (music) and Don Pitchford (lyrics) from the notorious Stephen King novel (and even more notorious film), this $7 million musical celebration of prom vengeance and bad taste materialized at the Virginia Theater on the 12th of May, 1988 and was gone by the 15th, touching all who saw it with a timeless reverence for its indelible, monumental ineptitude." Does that really tell us very much about this musical? Did Barry Singer even see the show? You sure wouldn't know it from this description. And just what, I wonder, makes King's novel "notorious" or the movie "even more notorious"? Almost every show in this book rates that brief a mention, but somehow Singer finds time for an entire chapter of Lloyd Webber-bashing where Sir Andrew invites the author to a cocktail party to show off his newest female singing discovery. The chapter sticks out like a sore thumb, if only because it has nothing to do with the rest of the book, but also because it's one of the few times that Singer goes into any detail. Aside from a few interesting Sondheim quotes, this book is a waste of time. 
0 Updike failed to hold my attention throughout the story both because of its utter lack of suspense in any dimension and the inconsistencies in his character development.As other have stated, you know from page one that the final page will involve an Arab, a truck and a bomb.  The lack of anticpation must therefore be compensated for by something else - perhaps excellent writing, interesting character development or original insights.  Updike fails to deliver on all three counts.One particularly slipshod literary technique Updike uses is the phrasing he gives the title character Ahmad.  When Ahmad speaks, it is in the voice of an intelligent, thoughtful foreigner.  His phrasing captures very well the cadence, vocabulary and grammar of a well spoken non-native speaker of English.  Curiously, Ahmad IS an American, raised in New Jersey by a thoroughly American mother.  So, what influences created this stilted phrasing?  Updike is trying to somehow comvince us that a Jersey teenager speaks like a Pakistani or Egyptian immigrant.  There is no need for the technique and its inconsistency with the character's life is grating.Updike also relies heavily on ethnic/religious stereotypes.  Sterotypes often have some basis in fact but generally make for uninteresting literature.  However, in Updike's case, the stereotypes make little sense at all.  For instance, a high school counselor's entire personality is attributed to his "Jewishness" both by himself and by others who opine on his personality.  This is particularly curious given that the man was not raised as a Jew and, in fact, his family had rather adamently turned away from the religion two generations earlier.  So where does all the Jewsih influence come from?  Likewise, Ahmad's mother's personality is often linked to her Irish heritage.  Yet there is no evidence whatsoever that her Irish background (which could have been many generations ago) has influenced her one bit.  The reader is left once again to wonder what motivates the stereotype - other than simply poor writing and careless character development.Another out of place literay technique involves the inclusion of fairly lengthy passages from the Korna in Arabic.  Obviously, few Western readers will understand Arabic and it seems meerely pretensious for Updike to include the original language rather than paraphrasing or translating the passages.  What comes across is an attempt by the autohr to show he has done his research.  If that is truly the point then the reader must wonder why the passages are reproduced in Western script rather than Arabic script.  After all, the Koran is not written with Western phonetics in mind.Ultimately, the book leaves one wondering why such a lightweight, poorly constructed piece was released by such a skilled author 
0 Sometimes a reader knows more about a narrow subject than the author. When the author is in error about that subject, the reader may question the accuracy of the descriptions in the rest of the book. Such is the case here.I've written 123 books; several on parachutes and skydiving. I am a pilot, skydiver and parachute rigger; I know the sport and the industry. The author wrote:"We use flat chutes as parasails." What is "flat"? Square? Rectangular? Ram-air?A "parasail" is a kite and is usually under tow behind a boat. This sentence does not make any sense."Four miles up, he pulled". That would be 21,120 feet. The use of oxygen is not mentioned."Ferocious, out of control spiral. One of the cells collapsed." The collapse of a single cell will not cause a fast turn and the cell is easily re-inflated."Corkscrewing caused the other cells to collapse." Not likely."Guide lines"An uncommon reference. They are referred to as control lines or toggles. He jettisoned the main canopy at 15,000 feet. He freefell ten seconds and opened his reserve at 12,700 feet. The rest of the team on this HAHO jump would still be at 18,000 feet. "Five minutes later." He would be at about 8,000 feet."He estimated he had about 15 minutes of glide remaining."More like eight minutes. "He was so relaxed, he was startled to hear canopies fluttering all around him and the sound of men splashing down just under him."How did they all beat him to the landing area? They were 5,000 feet above him. Fiction writers have a responsibility to make their descriptions accurate.When a reader finds obvious discrepancies in one area, it makes him or her wonder if the rest of the book is accurate.And, the writing is not creative.Dan PoynterThe Parachute Manual & The Skydiver's Handbook. DanPoynter@ParaPublishing.com.  
0 I like the idea that Michael Lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that. Having said that I did not like this book:1) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times. i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis' point. 2) the story lacked the depth of lewis' other wonderful books - where's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball (and others) educational - i wanted the story behind the story. 3) who were all the pictures of? i found them distracting... i'll continue to read lewis' books bu thope the next one is bette 
0 This book would not be helpful for children of faiths other than Christianity 
0 This book is the same as "Teach Yourself Origami" and "Origami, the Art of Paper-Folding", just with another cover to make you think it is new, also in the webside they describe it as a book of David Brill, it does not contain nothing of him, not even his name mention!?!?If you have no origami book, it could be good for you, other wise beware!! 
0 I started reading this immediately after the last REH compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling. While REH was first and foremost a story teller, Pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous Alcibiades. This, as previous reviewers have mentioned, creates a large gap between reader and story. But why do this? Why use such a crappy method of story telling? I guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue. All in all, it's a slow, uninspired, day dream story. So crappy that I felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews.I want my money back 
0 Look, the fact is feminism is about CHOICE no more, no less. I have the highest respect for stay at home moms--it is the hardest darn job on Earth. But this woman is WAY off base to say that feminism sold us a lie. Feminism GAVE us a choice. It told us we did not HAVE to pretend to believe we were June Cleaver if that was not what was in our hearts and souls. Personally, I could not have children and ONLY feminists have not made me feel like an alien species. I work with troubled teens, my skills do not go to waste, I spoil my nieces and nephews--I am fulfilled and happy. My sister is a stay at home mom with three beautiful boys, she is fulfilled and happy,FEMINISM gave us those choices, ladies. We were not "sold" ANYTHING, we were given much by the women who burned their bras before us. IF you feel belittled by staying home with your children and doing the world's most important job, I think that is YOUR issue and not NOW's. Stop blaming feminism for YOUR insecurities, if you are feminist--stop blaming your mother for your insecurities--you have choices BECAUSE of FEMINISM not despite it! 
0 My mother bought this for me for Christmas. She used the "available new and used" section to get it a little cheaper. She ended up paying $160 or so. When I put this on my wish list I thought that this hardcover version would be the Arabic-English/English-Arabic, considering that it was $175 and the paperback of the Arabic-English only was available for $45. As it turns out, this is only the hardcover of the Arabic-English only. So for one, my mother paid an additional $115 for only the hardcover version of a book that I could have gotten in the paperback for $45. I still do not have the English-Arabic of the Hans Wehr edition 
0 I was a philosophy major in college and I hated this book.  But then again, the whole NAMBLA fic genre really doesn't do it for me.  I'm sure some literary aesthetes are going to pick this review apart, good for them.  I'm incredibly well-read and thought this one was just a tepid bore.  Save your time, read some Dostoevsky, some Dickens, some Milton, (...) 
0 Maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow.  It is the first mystery novel that I have read by a female author and I hope that it is not representative of the gender.  But, by the reviews here, all by women, I can see that Jance writes to that crowd.  Her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible. If you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you.  It is amazing that Jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue, the insulin bottle.  Jance gives no indication that Oak Vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story. Do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time.  If you want a good mystery read Coben, Crais, Patterson or Michael Connely 
0 This book started well, but fell flat in the middle. What little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through. Even the shooting incident couldn't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly.Well, I didn't bother to finish it--I have limited time for reading, and I don't like to waste it. 
0 It is a very dry book and hard to stay interested in.  I am barely able to stay awake while reading it.  It does have some interesting things 
0 &quot;Salvador&quot; completely discredits Joan Didion and all of her books. The two weeks she is believed to have &quot;lived&quot; in El Salvador was actually a mere four hours. Any truths in this book, and there are but a handful, have been obtained by outside sources, not by her own &quot;research.&quot; I lived in El Salvador when she came in to gather info for her story. It is an outrage that she so flippantly used the sufferings of the Salvadorans to effect personal gain. If you want to read fiction, go ahead. She's a good storyteller. As a service to yourself, however, keep in mind that the author has almost zero first hand knowledge of what she writes. The only reason I have the book at all is that my father gave it to me. What a shame that he wasted his money on this piece of trash 
0 This book should get 0 stars; speaking as an artist myself, the theories laid out in this book are ridiculous. The basic gist of the argument seems to be that the work completed by the old masters was just too difficult to have been done without the use of optics, etc. To me it sounds like the desperate argument of a man who did not have either the talent or the determination to attain the skill of a great master, and therefore spent years constructing an elaborate excuse.Admittedly, I could not even finish this book; after reading for the nth time a line of shaky, circumstantial evidence like "all artists know that the ellipse of that collar is very difficult to draw, but there are no correction marks, therefore optics must have been used," I could not even stand to keep reading! On the contrary, all artists who have spent time and dilligent effort in becoming technically skilled know that although that ellipse may be difficult, after a few years of daily drawing and painting it becomes second nature, and could very well be drawn naturally with minimal correction.That is just one example... the book is filled with flaky examples such as those - Hockney claiming "this is too good to have been done without optics" or "this was too difficult to have been done without optics" - and I found myself thinking over and over that the man simply must not have been disciplined enough in his own art, if that is indeed what he thinks. And, modern artists must remember this: nowadays, the work of the old masters seems very difficult because in modern times artists get nothing like the education or practice time had by the old artists, for many reasons. Superior art education is very hard to find, and there are many distractions in the modern world (TV, computers, having to hold a 'day job', lack of patrons, etc.) and therefore modern artists usually lack discipline and do not live and breath art in quite the same way that the old masters did. Therefore, most will never attain the skill of the old masters. But that is certainly no reason to assume that the old masters could not have done what they did without the help of technology!Some of the other examples used as 'evidence' refer to 'odd' proportion, perspective, etc. in otherwise masterful work. I am surprised that this author (and those readers who are artists) apparently does not realize that throughout history, great artists did NOT necessarily strive for EXACT realism - even nowadays, photorealism is not necessarily considered great art by many artists, because after all we are ARTISTS not cameras! The point of realist art is to ACCENTUATE the reality, not to copy it! Therefore, many inconsistencies in proportion, perspective, etc. evident in old masters' work are not 'oddities' or 'mistakes', but purposeful exaggerations or adjustments to benefit the composition. All that being said, I think this book may even be harmful to the budding artist, since it may cast doubt in the mind of the art student that he or she can build the skill necessary to paint in a masterful way without the help of 'trickery' or technology of some sort. Instead, an art student should be encouraged to build skill, discipline, and self-reliance - because THAT is the true secret of the great masters 
0 Well you know the rest. Aside from her brash repetative demeanor her cooking has a lot to be desired. These meals CANNOT be done in 30 minutes, unless that is if you want everything half cooked. The book makes false promises and does not deliver. There are also NO PICTURES and NO INDEX and the recipes are very confusing..most of them deriving from an original Master recipe and then just changing one or two things. If you want good food and a good cook book don't buy into the hype and don't buy this book. 
0 Very seldom do I give up on a book; I gave up on this one after several attempts to finish.  I have read Barbara Delinsky in the past and have enjoyed her books. I remember the fascination with the Peyton Place/Grace Metalious hoopla in the 50's and 60's so I was expecting to enjoy this story.  It is dull and tiresome.   
0 No one alive today cares that NY had fires in 1741 (UNLIKE THE CHICAGO fIRE OF 1871). Why did author Lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident. Is she trying to create trouble? Be a traitor to her own race? Book is well researched I guessbut the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up! Totally unnecessary! 
0 Yet another historical novel into which a lot of research and work was clearly put, but the result is dissatisfying largely because the author doesn't know how to write.My single biggest objection to this book is the constant and annoying use of the author's alternative grammatical rules.  Comma splices and run-on sentences are not, and never will be, acceptable to me.  Occasional use can be overlooked, but Shaara peppers every page with them, tacking four or five or more predicates on to the same subject.  The effect is so glaringly obvious that it becomes difficult to continue reading.The following example is made-up, but it is a good imitation of how Shaara writes:"He turned in the saddle, rode toward his headquarters over the ridge, refused to look back toward the man receding in the distance, focused instead on the day ahead, forced himself to confront the bigger problems at hand."One often finds whole paragraphs composed of several run-on sentences in a row like this.  The result is a book that reads like a rough draft, or maybe not even that;  it reads like a collection of notes preparatory to writing a rough draft.  I don't understand how authors get away with publishing such half-finished work, and I don't understand why readers put up with it.Another problem is the lack of convincing characterization.  Everyone is vaguely noble here, with the exception of a few complete cads.  Washington loves his wife and longs for peace and home.  Cornwallis loves his wife and longs for peace and home.  Greene loves his wife and longs for peace and home.  I think you get the picture.  Few characters stand out on their own.  Even Lafayette is just another young officer.  The author assumes that we already carry our own perceptions about the major characters and will plug them in at the start of the book.  And Shaara's attempts at making his characters witty never work.  The result is a cast of characters that is tedious and dull.Beyond that, I'm doubtful about the author's device of switching focus among the various characters in each chapter.  It's fine when we leap across the Atlantic and jump into Franklin's mind.  But the rest of the time, it doesn't work well.  I find that I sometimes have to flip back to the start of the chapter to remind myself who has the focus.  Either I'm a lazy reader (and I'm not), or the device isn't working well.  In addition, this device constrains the author to keep the narrative focused almost entirely on Franklin in France, and Washington, Green, Cornwallis and Howe in America.  That means that we get only glimmers of the happenings in Parliament and the royal court in England, and the continental congress in America.  In effect, this novel is really about Washington's military camp and Howe's dinner table, which makes the narrative unbalanced.Some aspects of the story are interesting.  I enjoy reading about Washington's maneuvers, and the repeated frustration at coming up with an empty bag and finding that the British have eluded him.  I learned a fair amount about just where the various forces were, and when.  But I wish now that I'd just bought a decent beginner's history on the war.  Most of the book, as literary fiction, left me cold 
0 This is a good book, but most are under the impression that Einstein actually CREATED the content of the book.Einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest German and Italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory.For instance, e=mc^2 was not created by Einstein, as so many people people. An Italian physicist came up with it. If you don't believe me check any encyclopedia.Einstein suceeded in taking everyone's work and compiling it. This was helpful to the world of physics.Unfortunately, this stuff is outdated, and Autodynamics has disproven many things that Einstein says in this book. When it came out it was already outdated. This was published in the 60s. Autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s (45 I believe). If this was published in the 20s or even the 30s, it would have been a good book 
0 I had to take a look at this book just like I did Rachel Shteir's previous book "Striptease" to see if the online reviews were true. Sadly, they were. Like "Striptease", this book was full of typo's and appeared poorly organized and written. One would think that Ms. Shteir would have learned from her previous book--which also had similarly poor reviews. I wonder why Gypsy Rose Lee paired up with her. I can only guess at Ms. Shteir's fascination with this topic: my guess is that she wishes she could be a stripper herself (or maybe she is). I base this in part on a meeting with Ms. Shteir a year ago when I invited her to write about a professional conference I organized and presented at: she wore a very low-cut blouse as she interviewed people. I'm no prude but this was highly inappropriate and distracting people told me. On top of that, her article was chock full of misquotes, errors in fact, and adopted a perspective that nobody who attended the conference could relate to. Oh well, I can only hope that Ms. Shteir's next project will be more accurate and also that she will make clear her real interest in her subject matter. Gypsy Rose, I guess we both made the same mistake: trusting someone like Ms. Shteit to help us tell a story who didn't have the heart or the skills to pull it off 
0 I found the book had some ideas that helped, but it was unrealistic in many ways.  I am spiritual, but I didn't appreciate the religious opinion it gave 
0 American Pastoral was repetitious to the Nth degree. I read the Human Stain a few years ago, and it was good.  But, in Pastoral, the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the Swede and a psychoanalyst, and between his daughter Merry and a psychoanalyst, but absent the psychoanalyst: Roth is our psychoanalyst. What he misses, however, is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control. The Swede never failed as a father; rather, he failed because he couldn't let go of his sense of responsibility for her 
0 Same ole same ole, just another way for her to make a buck. Shame 
0 This is a complex and detailed history chiefly of Cuban exiles in South Florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various U.S. administrations. In that sense, it is the story of two cities - Miami and Washington - and two peoples - Americans and Cubans.  I have an objection, though, with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously, even gorgeously at times, written. Didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and, worse, the result is a cold, humorless, colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup. The author, in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose, apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers. It is, in that sense, a boring little disaster of a book.  
0 I don't know what to say about this book. It is the single worst book I have ever read in my young life.  I feel like I've witnessed a horrible tragedy and am at a loss for words to describe it.  I would say at some point in the book, maybe about halfway, every line of dialogue, every characterization, every plot point, is absolutely terrible.  This book is truly an offense to literacy, and I cannot understand how a publisher of any merit or author could publish and print this trash.  I can only imagine that Robin Cook either allowed a child to write this book,or was chronically drunk while writing it. Either that or he has lost his faculties altogether. I have read children's essays that have been better written.While it would take a novel to explain all the problems with this book, the highlights are:-knowing the mystery 50 pages into the book and being forced to painfully watch the dumb characters discover the mystery-cliche mania with lines like, "I going to get to the bottom of this mystery" and when the character's discover something, giving each other high-fives.-racist remarks about blacks living in harlem about how they like to steal televisions, own guns, and play basketball.-stereotype characters such as mafioso that like to eat spaghetti and named dominick and vinny.-incredible suspension of disbelief when the heros, nyc coroners, fly off to africa on a moments notice because they want to finish their case of a dead body. (also paying for their friends to come too)-wandering around the main installation easily where the evildoers are working, and asking questions, and getting answers to them real easy.-incredible annoying characters that make inappropriate jokes. (i.e. making sarcastic remarks to a guy holding a gun on them)-the book spirals into total madness in the last 50 pages to a beyond implausible ending. I got a sense whoever wrote the end of book was on sleeping pills when he wrote it.If anyone thinks this book is better than two stars, they need their head examined. 
0 I can't give this book more than two stars, and that's being generous. Mr. Hall does present some interesting ideas, but unfortunately, his editors have done him a huge disservice. Here are the first three sentences of Stage I, on page 23; Essentially what we have now--nanoscale science and technology--including the ability to image at the atomic scale with scanning probe microscopes, and a very limited ability to manipulate, that is, by pushing things around with the same scanning probes. A scanning probe is essentially like feeling something with a stick. Because you have a computer behind it, you can touch it in a very close grid of points and produce a picture.I made it through the first fifty pages, and it didn't get any better.  I don't know if Mr. Hall had a final read before publication, or not, but someone should have stopped this book from being published until it was properly edited. 
0 I'm a fan of Dave Barry, I enjoy his column, I enjoyed some of his books in the past, and I bought this one with great anticipation. Boy was I disappointed! The story is meaningless, the characters are not interesting, the events are mostly dumb and the dialog is uneven and unfunny.Do yourself a favor, do not read this book! I can't believe anyone recommends it 
0 After anticipating the arrival of this book (that I ordered some time before publication after hearing of it), I was disappointed.  Although the subject is timely, the writing style smacks of academia and therefore, will not appeal to the mainstream (reader).  Because I'm tenacious by nature, I finished the book, but found my mind wandering throughout because it simply did not hold my attention.  Too bad - it could have been inspirational 
0 I've read and enjoyed all the StarFIST novels. This is one of them in name only. It starts like a typical Starfist novel and even ties in some references to Charlie Bass and high level politicians but there the similarity ends.I never did figure out what the author's point was except perhaps to rake in some quick cash. The men of the FIST are hard working, hard fighting Marines who trace an honorable history back to the US Marines of the 19th & 20th century. These "Force Recon" marines are a ruthless bunch of screw-ups who could trace their ancestry back to the Waffen SS.Rather than root for them I soon found myself rooting for the opposition. They invade a fellow member of the confederation, screw-up their primary assignment, fail to get the info they were sent for, kill allied soldiers and airmen, murder helpless civilian prisoners, and assinate the leader of a confederation allied state.Someone should remind the authors that Recon is about getting accurate, timely, information. It's not about blowing things up.I really wasted my money on this book, I definitely won't be the first lemming off the cliff the next time these authors have something to peddle. 
0 How can a best-selling author like Simon Winchester take an event as exciting as the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? One answer: write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases. Another: strive to break the record for most clich?s in a single paragraph. Finally: write about events in 1906 as if no one but Simon Winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus, everything in this tedious narrative becomes about Simon. Simon and the raccoons; Simon on the failing American economy; Simon attempting to reproduce American accents. This is a CD set for avoiding 
0 If you like this book you will probably like "Bless the Child" by Cathy Cash Spellman.  They are very similar.  This book can be summed up in one word, simple: simple-minded, simple characters, simple plot (applied loosely), and simple premise.  What a contrived piece of garbage!I can't describe everything wrong with this book because there's not enough time.  If it's meant to be a mystery it sucks because you figure out who did it about halfway through.  If it's meant to empower women it sucks because the women are either victims, in denial, weak, worried about what everyone thinks, or oblivious.  If it's meant to promote animal adoptions it sucks because the author's plea for that is irritating.  That's how bad this book is! It can make an animal lover say that its plea for more animal adoptions was annoying.This author has no style.  The book reads like an episode of inside edition.  There is no immersion into the story.  The total lack of character development leaves you with no compassion for them.  As a reader I felt completely outside the story; an uncaring observer of a poorly described scenario.  The attempts to tug at my heartstrings were laughable.  I've been more moved by the appearance of colorful weeds on my lawn.  The only reason I read the whole thing was that my neighbor recommended it and loaned it to me.  Do not waste your time.  I must say though that this novel was inspirational.  If this crap can make the best seller list, it gives me hope that my original fiction might get published 
0 I am a big Catherine Coulter fan, but this book is awful.  You can skip all the Soap scenes, a waste of space.  Much of the dialouge made no sense and the characters were very flat.Don't waste the $6, borrow from the library if you want to read 
0 Why use 1 word when 12 will bewilder the reader and make the book that much thicker.  I can not believe that a qualified editor reviewed this book.The wheat to chaff ratio is horrendous.  You can go whole paragraphs without coming upon anything worth knowing.I can only hope that the actual CISA exam questions are not written as poorly as the sample questions within this book.If you value your time, do not buy this book 
0 The problem with this book is that it does not explain the mathematics well.  The author connects the unsolvable equation with group theory but does not provide any way for the reader to understand exactly what it is that is wrong with the equation.  Why could the equation not be solved?  There is a reason for this fact, and the mathematical theory explains it well--but not this book.  Perhaps a mathematician will write a book explaining why the 5th degree equation cannot be solved in general.  The reason is the subject of Galois theory taught in high-level mathematics courses but explainable in a popular book; but apparently not in this one 
0 I will not try to say that I asserted the painstaking, analytic effort that some would argue is necessary for an appreciation of Heidegger. More than that, I have no interest in doing so. It is largely agreed by the majority of his readers that this book deals with the question of being (existence), and my reading didn't lead me to any other conclusions. So as I said I have no interest in reading this a second time, further, deeper, or slower.Being and Time is chock full of invented terminology, to the extent that Michael Inwood was able to profit from his publication of A Heidegger Dictionary. Whatever you might think the word "world" means, for instance, is not what Heidegger means, and he will explain that to you throughout the duration of an agonizing 40 pages or so. This is the case with his entire vocabulary. If there was any need for all of the inventions and distinctions made by Heidegger, I would not bring this up as a crticism.Beyond the unventilated, severely sober, and utterly uninspiring character of Being in Time, I also call attention to the futility of it's project. If Heidegger was right about the historical neglect toward the question of being, perhaps more than 2000 years of historical peoples have been aware of something that eluded him: that there is no question of being. Why is "the question of being" so problematic? Because it is unanswerable, maybe. Or if it is answerable, we're not in any position to answer it. "Being" implies some kind of unvarying stability that just doesn't make sense. And if you posit an idea that is so concrete, so constant, you can't just bend it to make it fit reality. You've already betrayed your questioning. Truth, including the truth of being, is a local phenomenon. Truth is not always and forever true - it's true when it's true. But Heidegger wanted an everlasting truth, a dogmatic anthropology.Worse than the general uselessness of his project, and the toxic dregs left in his wake, Heidegger is guilty of not even presenting his ideas in an intersting or thought-provoking way 
0 I bought Bead Fantasies and Bead Fantasies II at the same time after reading the positive reviews; I wish I had looked at these books before buying. There are pretty motifs that I will incorporate into my beading projects but I find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small. I'm glad this isn't my first beading book or I would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects. I won't be buying Bead Fantasies III.  The Art and Elegance of Beadweaving and Coraling Technique remain my favorite beading books. 
0 I bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a Row w/our preschooler and I don't much like it. I've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever (if I need a break away, she hunts down my poor husband, all my relatives and friends- ugh) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as I could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality. In the end, I think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents, then this book is okay. I just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'I own you'. I like 'Mama Do You Love Me?' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love.'Good-Night Moon' by Margaret Wise Brown, however, is by far my children's all time favorite book. I was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed. They love it and so do we as parents. But this one even creeped my hubby out and he's from a fairly 'normal' family.Take it w/a grain of salt 
0 I love other Preston/Childs books so I thought I would love this one.  I didn't.  It is completely predictable.  I was sure that the author would give it some interesting plot twists, but there were none.  And parts of it were ridiculous:  the length of the entombment, the amount of the treasure, the manner of transport, etc.  The only character I really liked was the monkey 
0 Let me get myself straigh here first. I have always been a fan of the Artemis Fowl series even though its started to fall into ruins. I loved the first one, and it was a wicked twist to the standard fairy tale stuff i ussually have to plow through, with the protangonist antoagonizing the fairies, instead of saving them from some kind of "evil" foe. Also the fairies were pretty cool, and had all of the problems of normal people such as sexism. They were high tech and armed with laser guns. Unfortunately the author put Artemis on the helping side of the fairies which took out some of the pizzaz.Now let me rewiew this particular book. ITs a horrible read. who in their right mind would read something about a twelwe year old kid who investigates mysteries with no new innovative concepts?no me. now add the fact that this mystery is completely absurd, i mean seriously a "barbie" doll girl who gets kids expelled from school just because they're boys. How old is the author anyways? two years old? well obviously he's not married thats for sure. I always thought that these books were aimed at 13 and 14 year olds, not four year olds. Anyways enough of that, the author also proceeds to put in someothing about a talent show and other garbage abouta possesive father. I read Colfer because he writes futuristic books, that are predominetely fantasy not preschool level books about an obssesed teen ager who doesn't even solve robberies, instead he investigates some dumb boys vs girls war.All of the wicked humor is lost, there is no action whatsoever, the main charecter isn't a genius with wicked humor, and the book reeks of drawn of bits from the others. Heavily downgraded, adn obviously the worst parts. DO NOT EVEN READ THIS THING. get some other artemis fowl books, or read Alex Rider,. thats a very good read. 
0 I generally like Elmore Leonard, this is the twelfth book of his I've read, ranging from his Detroit crime capers, to his L.A.-set Chili Palmer stuff, to some of his Westerns. Other than the terrible "Be Cool", this is probably my least favorite of his books so far. Set in the years between the end of World War I and 1934, the story follows Carlos "Carl" Webster from boyhood to manhood as the son of a wealthy pecan farmer rises to became a hotshot U.S. Marshall. The story takes place in the dusty Midwest, mainly around Tulsa and Oklahoma City, as Carl faces off with various wanna-be desperados seeking to make a name for themselves.Carl is a somewhat vain, cocky lawman, with a keen sense of what kind of quote will get him in the papers. His main foe is the son of a wealthy oil man, a no account young man who has everything he needs, but whose selfish nature and appetite for stirring things up leads him into Carl's path. Mixed into this are kinds of period details, from prohibition to Will Rogers shows to Klansmen vigilantes to "True Detective" writers to striking miners to mentions of various real-life bank robbers Pretty Boy Floyd, John Dillinger, and Bonnie and Clyde Barrow. Despite all this background detail, the story itself failed to engage me. There are none of the clever twists and turns that characterize Leonard's best work. There's a good guy, a bad guy, and an inextricable outcome whose resolution is surprisingly undramatic. In fact, about halfway through the book I realized that the "real story" wasn't going to kick in -- I was in it! And unlike many Leonard books, the supporting cast of characters isn't particularly memorable. Even Leonard's trademark strong dialogue is mostly missing, subsumed by his attempt to stick to period speech. Ultimately, one gets the feeling that Leonard was most interested in capturing the vibe of the period, and perhaps didn't spend nearly the same amount of effort on the actual story. That said, the Depression and its effects are surprisingly absent from the story, given the time and place. All in all, unless you're really really into the whole '30s gangster thing, not worth the time. 
0 "Col Mike Martin" raised in Iraq, speaks fluent arabic.........The Taliban are Pashtoon, they are not arabs, they don't speak arabic, they don't even like arabs very much. They are a totaly closed tribal society. I spent a year living and working with the Pashtoon in 2005 in Helmand Province. There are no members of the Taliban who are not Pashtoon. The other ethnic groups in Afghanistan, the Tajik and the Hazara, are opposed to the Taliban.Mike Martin would not have the correct family, clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off.Sorry, but Forsythe has dropped the ball on this one. 
0   While it's certainly true that there will always be a gulf between reality and words, communication between reader and writer is nonetheless very real and potentially profound, thanks in no small part to empathy and the imagination. Deconstructionism, by denying presence and instead proposing unlimited differences between signs, dismisses any connection between readers and writers and turns language into a hermetic system separated from the outside world which is, of course, inhabited by people who read and people who write. This is exactly what makes deconstructionism so empty and hypocritical: It rejects traditional metaphysics while adopting a pseudo-mystical position which regards language as some unstable and solipsistic alien creature independent of everything and everyone 
0 I think in retrospect I wasted my time on this one. It had a great premise that indulged me into buying this book but who knew dark days lied ahead of me. As I read through the last chapters trying to uncover the mystery, I kept on hoping that there would be something more to it, something more enigmatic, a brilliant twist but I was left with despair. My major problem with this novel was there were not enough, in fact hardly anybody whom the reader could suspect as the possible killer. And bringing out a totally new character at the very end to describe the proceedings only shows a lack of respect to the mind of the reader who had been guessing until now about various other possibilities. I will never touch this author's book again! A mantra for reading thrillers is in believing the hype and read the best of the best-Dan Brown 
0 The author had a great idea, but he cherry-picked the available info about Superman and the writers to get the book to make sense. For example, Superman was originally written as a metaphor for Jews during WW2. Two Jewish guys, right at the end of WW2, write a story of a man that has to leave his homeworld b/c it's destroyed... etc, etc.I'm not critiscizing this book b/c it has a religious message. I'm critiscizing it b/c the author clearly left out clear facts that work against his arguement. Otherwise, I disagree with anybody that says it is "just a comic." Superman has often reflected the current values and attitudes of a large swath of America 
0 This book was so badly written that I just couldn't help writing my first review on Amazon. I NEVER bothered writting reviews.While I fully respect the authors' decision in providing the book online under the Creative Commons license, and while I do not doubt the sincerity of their intentions, the book is a total f*ck up. And f*ck up is an understatement.The book:1) Is unorganized :-I felt I was being bombarded by information from all directions. One moment I was getting ready to test a simple "hello world" module, and the other I'm suddenly faced with a some strange esoteric block diagram showing "how function calls and function pointers are used in a module to add new functionality to a running kernel." with strange function names that were not mentioned and do not get mentioned for the rest of the chapter. How the hell did I get here? It just pisses you off and breaks your thought process and leaves you clueless and frustrated.2) Is upside-down:-I read chapter 3 (Char drivers) and I compare it to real device drivers and some things just don't match. The book seems very theoretical because the "real" device drivers call some other functions that are not mentioned at all. After digging in the kernel source files and googling the internet I realize that in the "real world" there is a whole driver-model and generic objects and what not. Reading the source code documentation and some online material I actually understand how the "real" drivers work. I still don't understand the stuff in the book. I start wondering whether there is any mention of the driver-model  and I find it in chapter 14 !!!!!!! The driver model seems, in my opinion, the first step to understanding how "real" drivers work and I find it after 14 chapters of utter nonsensce!! Not only that, the authors decide that "many driver authors can ignore the device model entirely" and "The complexity of the device model makes it hard to understand by starting with a high-level view"... surpisingly it was easier to understand from online sources and the source code documentation than trying to read chapter 2 in the book!3) Is sadistic:-One thing I really hated was the carrot-and-stick approach the authors chose. First they give you a small tiny taste of a topic   which finally seems relevant and just when you feel you're about to reach somewhere, they do a complete u-turn and throw all kinds of irrelevant off-the-topic rubish that leaves you sorry you were so shamefull as to expect any better. You end up confused, annoyed, and duped. Like in chapter 2 when they presented the code for the "hello world" module. OK fine. Seems easy enough. You naturally assume that this is an invitation to write the same code yourself. HAHA WROONG! The book suddenly does a "make hello.c" without showing you the content of the makefile. It leaves you out to dry with your uncompilable-"hello.c" and goes on describing IN DETAIL seemingly random stuff. You are left wondering whether the makefile must have been something too obvious to bother noting down and you start wondering whether to try to create a simple makefile or continue reading the chapter "as-is". I chose the former. HAHAHA WROONG AGAAIIN! I ended up compiling my whole kernel source tree because of something they decide to mention only 7 sections later.(At least they mentioned it?!)In summary.. I'd suggest you buy the book.. and (as "./Documentation/ManagementStyle" for another book says): "NOT read it. Burn it, it's a great symbolic gesture".I don't think anyone could have done a better job at making a worse technical book. If you come across any online material that "recommends" this book, *QUICKLY* discard that material too .. without thinking.This is a -5 stars book. It has affected me personally 
0 If you have Kids or Grandkids, who think about politics & like "SF"; give them this book!It was One of the many Heinlein Works that helped ME grow up.It is the BEST & MOST IMPORTANT of his "for KIDS novels".I ment to give it 5 Stars!!!! 
0 Robert Allen's previous book, Multiple Streams of Income, is EXCELLENT and I can't say enough good things about it.  This one was a MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT in comparison.  He talks about the same rehashed Internet marketing strategies that everyone else does.  Creating email lists, newsletters, blah, blah, blah...The most disappointing thing about Robert Allen -- and I lost so much respect for him over this -- is that he demonstrates how to get a bunch of people to order his product within minutes of putting out an email blast.  What's stupid about the whole thing, and demonstrates that he's a snakeoil salesman scam artist, is that what he's selling by email is a course on how to make money on the Internet...so how do you make money on the Internet?  According to Robert Allen, by selling courses showing people how to make money on the Internet is the only way to make money on the Internet.  That's a scam!  How does he sleep at night?Don't buy this book.  It's a waste of money 
0 I am an avid fan of true crime books and this is by FAR the most one-sided book I've ever read.  It wasn't about the crimes, it was about this author's personal feelings and dislike of Aileen Wuornos.  He has a real problem with women, lesbians in particular.  He made Ms. Wuornos out to be someone she wasn't.  She had a hard life, yes and chose to committ crimes, but that wasn't what this book was about.  Again, it wasn't worth the $.  I actually threw my copy of this away 
0 Let me first say that once upon a time I liked Larry The Cable Guy.  After reading this book, I now think he is one step above slime. To be fair, some jokes ARE funny and some stories ARE enjoyable and amusing.He is anti-PC which is totally fine with me and even goes as far to pick on some appropriate targets like Rosie O'Donnell, Michael Moore, Barney Frank, Barbara Streisand, and "that fat girl from the Dixie Chicks", among others.  No problem there in my opinion. That is the entirety of the positive things I can say about the book.The rest is just babble, often repeated over and over again, that even Larry lovers will find annoying.  A couple things that really bothered me.  The first is his constant and unrelenting picking on and making jokes at the expense of "retards" and Down's Syndrome children.  He must use the term "retard" at least fifty+ times in the book.  This is appreciably different than making a joke about, say, Michael Moore.  Moore made the decisions and taken the actions in his life to make him an apt target for jokes.  The Down's Syndrome children did not. My opinion of Larry The Cable Guy dropped to zero or below after reading his attack on "retards".  He also racially sterotypes in the book.  Many of these jokes can be funny if taken in context and at least those people can respond.  The Down's Syndrome kids can't.  Larry, I can only hope God (in whom you so mightly believe in according to your book) grants you a "retard" child to love and care for.  Then, I would like to read your next book. I suspect you would gain some sorely needed wisdom very quickly.The second theme in the book that came through loud and clear is that Larry is a fraud in many senses.  He plays the good 'ol Bubba. He ain't too bright and he ain't ever changed since he left the farm.  His "celebrity" - his word not mine - has not gone to his head. OK, Larry. Why then the better than thou tone throughout the book - including speeches and lectures, including serious topics such as abortion?  Why do virtually every one of your stories and jokes involve putting someone else down?  Why the unrelenting references to your "celebrity"?  The terms "meet and greet" and "after-party" were used over and over and over, as an example.  Do you really think your fans have ever been to one of these events or even know what they are?  Well, you are wrong.  They are mentioned constantly to remind everyone how big of a star you have become.  That's Hollywood-speak my country, fart loving, nose picking friend.Overall, this book is a true disappointment and Larry The Cable Guy is a true moron (see doesn't that sound better than "retard").  My Father always taught me there are two types of dumb people.  Those who are dumb and know they are dumb.  And those who are dumb but are so dumb, they don't realize it.  The former category usually shuts up (knowing they are dumb).  The latter category normally rambles on and on like some drunk in the gutter. The first group is obviously smarter than the second.Larry The Cable Guy falls smack dab in the last group.  The fact that he has stumbled into some sense of success is fueling his rambling and babbles in this book. Make jokes, Larry, and forget about your opinions on say abortion and the like.Unfortunately, Larry can't see the obvious.  Like virtually every celebrity he cites and makes fun of in the book, he has become exactly one of them.  A thin layer of "Good 'Ol Boy" on top, covering a core of venom and "celebrity". He plays the role pretty good until one gets under the sheets.My suggestion: Don't buy Larry's act and, by all means, don't buy the book.  
0 I found this book to be very disappointing. Ms Conant and her heroine were both suffering from memory loss with this book. Not up to her usual standard 
0 Honestly, I thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive.  The author's main point, although interesting, seems to me like it would fit into an essay.  Also, the particular print of the book that I purchased, has a dog on the cover, I was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior.  Instead, I felt I little duped. Most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments/theories or anedoctal accounts of "My Friend's dog Fido, one day did this..."  I hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population.  I mean, the author doesn't even have a dog!!  I suspect that I, who have had a lifelong history with dogs, have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author. I don't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there.  Now, if your "thing" is cows....  Get this book! 
0 Now, I enjoy Victorian adventure fiction as much as the next person -- in fact, probably more than the next person, since the average "next person" hasn't ever read any. Tales of derring-do, adventures to unexplored distant lands, lost civilizations, great artifacts, etc. -- that's all good stuff. What's not good is this book, which is tedious in the extreme. On the surface of it, Haggard's followup to his hugely successful (and infinitely better) "King Solomon's Mines" has all the elements: a dynamic duo of scholar-adventurers (one of whom is descended from pharaohs!), a mysterious message from the past delivered by a dying man, an expedition to Africa, and a supernatural being who knows the secret of eternal life.However, despite this promising laundry list, Haggard's execution leaves a great deal to be desired. A friend described it rather aptly as "a book with a lot of story, but not a lot of plot." Which is to say that in my edition, some 320 pages are filled without much happening. There is the initial mysterious set-up, the journey to dark Africa with the usual physical trials and tribulations, the heroes' conveyance to the "lost city", and then... and then things kind of grind to a halt. Lengthy descriptive details, lengthy internal ruminations, lengthy rambling speeches, lengthy everything -- but very little of consequence occurs until the very end, when the heroes make a dangerous journey to find the eternal fire which grants nigh-everlasting life.I suspect much of the problem stems from the book's origin as a long-running serial in the Gazette. As I understand it, serial writers of the time were paid by the word or by the installment, and thus, it was to their advantage to spin their plots out as much possible -- hence the unhealthy ratio of action to words. Judicious editing could reduce the book to 1/3 of its size without any loss of note. Of course, as another friend pointed out, it's probably best to read the book is small chunks -- just as one would have done with installments. Spreading out one's reading of it over a period of time, he suggests, may serve to conceal the book's rambling nature. In any event, there are some nice scenes here and there, such as the moonlight battle between crocodile and lion and another involving human cadavers used as torches, but those are about all I'm likely to recall from this book in a year. Of course, as is noted in the introduction to my edition, Haggard lifted the main elements of the plot, and even the the true name of "She-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named", from several earlier adventure novels by Edward Bulwer-Lytton, so one can't even give him much credit for imagination. I suppose the book is worth reading by those interested in literary representations of the prevailing xenophobic sentiments of Victorian Englishmen: racism, anti-Semeticism, misogyny, fear of miscegenation, etc., but as entertainment for the modern reader, it falls woefully short of the mark. 
0 The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many.  Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is? We know where the precious document is : another useless quest. People are murdered by the half dozen, the characters are outrageous, most of the time improbable, and I felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid, not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it.I have read much better books than that. Sorry.. 
0 This is the worst novel that I have ever read by a major author.  I have read a couple other Alex Cross novels and I did not find them to be awful at all.  They weren't very good but they kept me turning the page.  While I was reading this dreck I began to get a sense of Patterson's work ethic.  He sets a goal for himself and does not stray from it.  One maybe two chapters per day I suppose, and when his muse is on vacation for a couple of months this is the result.  Not a snowball's chance in hell that this would have been published if it weren't written by Patterson.  I'm done. Don't waste your time.  Really 
0 Thriller and mystery readers like to guess along with our protagonists when we're reading a story.  We like to look for clues in what we've read to help us unravel the plot, and find out who did it and why the crime was done.John Grisham cheats us out of that fun.  The villian of this book isn't introduced until there less than 75 pages left, which means that when you get that far, you realize that everything you read before then wasn't valid. To have some red herrings in a thriller is fine, but to have 300 pages of chases and red herrings?  That's bad.Read another thriller instead of this one, one that plays by the rules 
0 This is one of the dullest chick lit derivatives of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood and their adventures, or misadventures. It is full of misery, poorly developed characters, and is so formulaic that I predicted the outcome after about 50 pages, at which point I could no longer stomach these ego-driven, falsely sweet dolts. Don't waste your money 
0 I bought this book because I was looking for some alternatives to PB&J.  Both of my children are now attending peanut-free/tree-nut free schools.  This book has lots of ideas, but too many of them are variations of the peanut butter sandwich.  
0 Alright, so her childhood was a bit different than your average white middle-income childhood. Should this motivate anybody to write a completely non-imaginative, devoid of any insights book? Don't be fooled by the exotic side of it. A poor writer can ruin a story, regardless of the exotic locale. If you were expecting to find an "international" jewel like Jhumpa Lahiri's "The Namesake" or Zadie Smith's "On Beauty", you will be greatly disappointed. If you are into Africa, read something that has more than the exotic place to say for itself. Ben Okri's "The Famished Road"  (booker prize winner) or The Palm-Wine Drinkard and My Life in the Bush of Ghosts (Paperback) by Amos Tutuola  will be much better choices. 
0 I'm on page 110 of this book. The book has 220 pages. I'm half way done and the author has not as of yet given me 1 valuable peace of information to help me forgive the person I am angry with. I bought this book because I have a lot of anger in me and the preface and reviews from other well know authors sold me on it with the belief that this book would help me. But, it is having the opposite affect. I feel I was duped into buying it (because of the promises in the introduction and the glowing reviews). Part 1 tells us what a "grievance" is. It tells us, and tells us again, and again, and again. The thing is  I ALREADY KNOW what a grievance is! I KNOW I'm angry at someone, and I know it's not healthy, I know to forgive would help me.... I didn't need that to be explained to me over and over again for 59 pages. All that reading did was make me dwell and think MORE about the problem AND increased my anger because of the book itself. When I reached "Part 2", entitles "Forgiveness" I thought FINALLY.... but all Part 2 has done is repeat what is in part 1 and what is in the introduction - how great the study was and how much it will help me. There are some great reviews of this book here at Amazon and if this book helped some people that is great. But so far I can't agree with any of the positive comments. I have a great degree of respect for Stanford University, I went to high school across the street from Stanford and have taken classes there, but it pains me to have such a great school's name attached to this book. Is it fair of me to write a review of a book I have not finished? No... but I'm afraid to continue reading it. I'm already angry and to buy a book that I thought would help me, only to find it frustrating me, I don't feel is not all that fair either...... 
0 "The Other Boleyn Girl" and "The Queen's Fool" are two of the best books I've ever read--and I've read a LOT of books, especially about this period, which especially fascinates me. They were gripping to the end, and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces. So whenever a new book by Philippa Gregory comes out, I buy it, hoping to have the same experience, and lately have been sorely disappointed. "The Virgin's Lover" fell flat, and now I am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged, must give it up. One reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess, however it depends on the writer. Anthony Trollope, for instance, was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed. That may or may not be the case with Gregory. I know, as a writer myself, that there are times when the work flows out, feeling almost as if it's channeled from another source, and times when it's harder, more mechanical. The more challenging situations are those when I'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject. So to me, neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse. They feel forced, constructed. I'm going back to Trollope 
0 The prologue of this book lead me to believe this was going to be a very touching love story of a woman losing the love of her life and finding love again.  I was disappointed, soon after, when it turned into a gardening manual and a tale about ghosts, with a sort of haphazard romance thrown in the middle-and then even that was disappointing.  I mean Graceland for a first date?  I noticed a lot of similarities between Roz and the mayor in Northern Lights, and Logan and Nate from that same book.  None of them can talk in complete sentences.  And Stella, who comes across as this loving mother, who puts her kids before anything else, works from sun up to sun down and is so smug that she thinks the whole business is going to come crashing down around everybody if she isn't there to oversee everything, even though the place has been successful for years.  There is no addressing the issue of moving on with her life after the death of her husband, she just does it. Unless, of course, it was in the last 50 pages which I didn't bother to read because I just couldn't torture myself any longer.  And I'm a big fan of Roberts.  I love her Quinn brothers books and a lot of her other work.  But this just stunk because I could really care less who the ghost is going to turn out to be.  I'm certainly not going to suffer through the last two books to find out. 
0 Grisham's worst book by far.  90% of the story is preaching to the reader that homeless people just have bad luck and are good guys.  It would be ok if that was woven into a good story, but it is not. For great Grisham read The Firm and The Partner.  For very good, read Runaway Jury and Pelican Brief.  All of these are page turners.Street Lawyer is a stomache turner.  Really bad.  What happened 
0 The sub-title of this book is very misleading. It does not contain "an action-oriented approach" to raising your self-esteem - unless you count sitting down with pen and paper as an action. The book is centered on sentence completion exercises where you write the beginning of a sentence at the top of a page ("One of the things I dislike about myself is...", "One of my emotions I have trouble accepting is...") and then complete the sentence with whatever comes to mind. For some unexplained reason each sentence requires its own sheet of paper; and there are a lot of them, so be prepared to go through a lot of paper.Sure, completing sentences technically counts as an "action". But if you're like me, "action-oriented" implies some sort of cognitive-behavioral therapy that gives you exercises to go out and do in the world, not sitting alone and writing out your thoughts. For someone with social anxiety the last thing I needed was more solitary introspection.Branden gives examples of breakthroughs that his patients had doing sentence completion with him in therapy; but alas, the practice helped me in no way. Your mileage may vary, but I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone 
0 I'd never read Berry before, but as far as I can tell, this brief collection of six essays and lectures sticks to familiar territory. However, it's probably not the best entry point for people who are newcomers to his realm. There are two related problems with the book: one of presentation, and one of tone. The problem with presentation is that the pieces are so short that there's no room for specifics. So, while one might be more or less in accord with the broad strokes of Berry's vision, there's no detail to back it all up. The problem with tone is that from the very first page the reader feels like they are being lectured at. Of course, some of the pieces are lectures, but there's a certain condescension that runs throughout the book. It comes out when Berry uses certain words such as the three As of "appropriate", "authentic" and "adequate". When these are used ( as they often are), there he's obviously made some kind of value judgment, but the reader is never let in on it. The end result of the two flaws is that the reader feels like a hectoring argument is being made without any supporting logic -- which ultimately smacks of preaching to the choir.Which is unfortunate, since I tend to agree with Berry on a lot of things (though not his anti-abortion stance). Small farms are good, agribusiness is bad, stewardship of the land is good, extraction industries are bad, treating the body as an organic whole is good, and things of that nature. Alas, he has a tendency of making sweeping assertions and accusations that are far too simplistic and shrill to be useful. Two examples from the first 15 pages will suffice to illustrate: "This is a world in which the cultures that preserve nature and rural life will simply be disallowed." and "Communists and capitalists are alike in their contempt for country people, country life, and country places." Berry also succumbs to the trick of creating straw men to counter his theses. For example, in one essay, he claims that conservationists are people who want to simply preserve land in a pristine, untouched state, and that's all. While there are certainly some conservationists who feel that way, they are a small minority of a a much larger community who actually is in almost total accord with Berry's views on stewardship and land use. It certainly doesn't help matters that his view of small-scale farming appears to be heavily tinted with rose-colored glasses. His claims that modern agribusinesses has rendered the small farm economically unviable sounds like a reasonable proposition. However, it ignores the fact that, historically, small scale farming ran on the thinnest of margins, was subject to all kind of external instability (weather, vermin, etc.), and operated on only slightly better than a subsistence level. In farming, cash is scarce, that's why people abandoned it in droves whenever the opportunity presented itself, such as in WWII, when all those defense-industry factories were opened in California. (Of course, in Berry's vision, you don't really need cash, because you barter for everything you need from your neighbors.) Berry's exhortations to create small-scale communities is worthy stuff, and even in cities people are creating this. The growth of CSAs, farmers markets, and the like in the past decade is a tangible indicator of this. However, to achieve the large scale results Berry seeks requires a more rigorous roadmap than what is provided in this slim collection 
0 I have never been a fan of Danielle Steel's books and have only read a couple in my lifetime, and those many years ago.  I'm not sure what motivated me to pick up Toxic Bachelors -- extreme boredom? insanity? -- but I slogged through it last night and have to say that it confirmed all my bad impressions of this writer's work.  Actually, I think I was a little surprised by how awesomely bad it was.  The writing was completely repetitive and superficial, and I rather felt that I was reading a treatment for a novel rather than the novel itself.  It read like a poor book report:  "...and then he did this, and then he did this, and after that he did this, and then he laughed."  We are TOLD that the bachelors -- who struck me as commitment-phobic, a little neurotic, and fairly immature despite their (middle) age, but not necessarily toxic -- are decent, likable guys, but we never really see too much proof of that.  When the "proof" does come, it's so ham-handed as to be laughable:  Charlie's eyes well up with tears when he meets a young girl who was abused by her mother, and so we know that he truly does have a loving and compassionate soul and untold complexities to his character.  Yeahsurerightwhatever.  Most of the story is told through narration, with little bits and pieces of ho-hum dialogue.  The author adopted a third-person point of view, but there's certainly nothing omniscient about it, and the reader is never sucked into the head of one of these characters.  Throughout the book they remain about as interesting and dimensional as paper dolls, and their interactions with one another always struck me as being fairly unbelievable.  THIS is how men behave and relate to one another?  I find that hard to believe, considering that none of the men I know run around telling each other how much they love one another and how important they are to each other.  I liked the female characters of the book initially.  They all seemed to be strong, capable, independent and emotionally healthy women.  But my opinion of each diminished greatly toward the end of the book, as each woman seemed all too willing to disregard her personal boundaries and put up with extreme schmuckiness from her man.  And the conflicts Steel generated amongst the couples seemed ridiculous:  mountains out of molehills.  For instance, Gray, the 50-year-old artist who has always been phobic about family, refuses to meet the ADULT children of the woman he's been with for several months and whom he claims to love.  Nevermind the fact that he's known about the ADULT children since the very beginning.  Nevermind the fact that the ADULT children live in England and Italy, while Gray and Sylvia are New Yorkers.  Nevermind the fact that they have their own lives and are independent, self-sufficient ADULTS who maintain their relationship with their mother through frequent phone calls and less frequent face-to-face visits.  Evidently Gray can't see beyond the fact that they are "kids" and therefore "family" and therefore not to be tolerated.  Sorry, but whatever sympathy I'd developed for Gray by this point disappeared altogether when confronted by this monstrous display of immaturity.  Dump the weenie, Sylvia.  You can do better.  The other two guys had similar displays of gross ridiculousness, and of course everything was wrapped up magically, with sudden capitulation, as if the men had just suddenly come to their senses.  Considering what little time and effort was spent on these characters, their conflicts and resolution, I have to wonder why Steel even bothered writing this book.  And why I bothered reading i 
0 Despite the description and synopsis on the books cover this is NOT a computer crime novel. In fact with the exception of about 20 pages total the novel quickly looses its snazzy cyber crime appeal. In the first few pages we're introduced to a dark haired female hacker but just as quickly she's gone and the book spirals into Japanese gangs, corrupt police, horribly bland and indistinguishable characters, and it just sucks from then on out. The story is good albeit incorrectly marketed. The characters however have no identity! They all sound the same, with the exception of the Japanese characters. Sadly the book lacks serious writing talent, very little character development, on what could've been a good story. One positive note perhaps is that the descriptions of Japanese culture, etc. are really good. Perhaps this is due to the authors departure many years before from England to Japan. My advice: spend some time abroad again 
0 I have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly.  There are a lot of good books out there, Dan Harrington's the very best, but this isnt one of them.  Too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
0 I was so disappointed in this book. I don't find a closeness to God in the pages. Instead it seems intellectual. It contains beautiful sounding prayers that are more like poetry than speaking with God face to face. Even though it contains prayers from across the ages it seems to keep me distant from the personal God I seek. And though the author's prayers are included too, I feel the same about them. I expected more from Richard J. Foster 
0 "Ha ha ha hah ha hah!"  That's Stirling laughing all the way to the bank.  Or at least I hope that's what he is doing.  But sadly I suspect he more likely feels his Wiccan/SCA/DnD-infused vision of a post-apocalyptic society is a reasonable, nay, likely path we'll follow should selective physical laws break down.  Quick!  Stop me!  I feel the need to wave my sword, sing a Gaelic song, and break out my cauldron!  The genre requires we make a leap of faith.  And as a fan of the genre, I do so willingly.  But having made the leap, it is annoying at best to be forced through this "Tolkein as faith" drivel.  But as I will likely read the entire series (remember, I love the genre) I have to hope that Stirling leans towards the "thanks for the buck buddy" and is himself laughing at us all.  But a picture is worth a thousand words and his mug on the inside cover tells me he believes this nonsense!My recommendation?  Read the book.  Laugh a bit.  Maybe laugh a lot. But do this with the library's copy, not one you paid for 
0 Book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness.  Many helpful hints about raising a gifted child.  Main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general -- and  may push those with &quot;normal&quot; kids into thinking they have gifted  ones and down that track -- when they should not. Gifted kids are the  exception, not the norm as this book makes it seem 
0 I was expecting new and interesting ideas from this book, but was disappointed.  If you truly have no idea how to find a sales baseline for your business or don't know how to track trends, this book is for you.  If you are like me (you know the basics but were trying to find a more thorough approach), I wouldn't buy the book 
0 You can breeze through this book in under an hour -- I just did. While it makes for a suspenseful, albeit entertaining, account of what happened that infamous night, Damore relies too heavily on witnesses' accounts and police remarks (often little more than Kennedy bashing). By now, most of us can accept the facts: that EMK drank way too much and drove off a bridge, subsequently leading to tragedy. DUI accidents happen every day, chillingly often to average people. The fact that this happened to one of the greatest Senators in the history of the United States only reaffirms this. .. 
0 I forced myself to finish this book before I reviewed it, and being through with it now, I feel as though I've learned very little.  I had so many problems with this book, or rather the way of writing, mostly stemming from the completely pompous arrogance of the author, that this was a difficult read.  In his defense, he is, in MOST things, very thorough.  My main and overwhelming problem with this book was that the author was arrogant enough to believe that he could relay what Leonardo was (or as he sometimes put it &quot;must have been&quot;) thinking or feeling.  While I give Mr. Bramly credit as a man very much versed in his subject, in my opinion, that still gives him no right to use what I understood to be a faithful biography as a place to put forward his own views.  Since he himself stresses that Leonardo's famous notebooks contain little to no personal thoughts or feelings, he has no basis for those statements and they are only his overconfident postulations.  In the instances that there is a controversy over some area of Leonardo's life, the author is very good about stating that there is a dispute regarding the matter, but only puts forward his OWN opinion, and his reasons why he believes what he does, without explaining the opposite side of the matter.  In this manner, he forces his thoughts on the reader without leaving them any choice in the matter.  Sentences beginning with &quot;I think&quot; or &quot;In my view&quot; are not uncommon.  He also makes certain assumptions about the reader, referring often to other artists' works with the assumption that the reader is as knowledgeable as he is about them.  Also, he occasionally goes into great detail regarding a painting or drawing of Leonardo's, often drawing attention to coloring or texture, without ever showing it, though the book has many drawings and paintings throughout.  The author is an undoubtedly intelligent, well-learned man, very erudite where Leonardo da Vinci is concerned, but entirely overbearing in his writing.  Overall, unless you are well versed in the Renaissance artists and don't mind being pulled out of a book by the author's VIEWS, then I would HIGHLY suggest staying away from this one 
0 It's a long read, the characters are boring, and the ending makes no sense at all.  It is neither funny nor thrilling. It's just plain dull 
0 I had to read this book as part of a Masters-Level class on organizational management. I would offer it up for sale, but I intend to burn it when class is over.  Unless you want to read a book written by people who are SO MUCH BETTER THAN YOU ARE (he said with an extra helping of sarcasm), do yourself a favor and skip this book.  It a bunch of religous, self-righteous, fairy tale dogma.  Horrible, horrible book.  Will look nice when it's burnt to a crisp, however 
0 This is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but doesn't understand him/her.  I was expecting some new information about a "secret language".  There was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog; so what's the "secret"?I agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip.  The author says that cats do not get lonely.  Well, that's wrong.  He also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served.  How does one explain cats who live with homeless street people?  The title was deceiving 
0 I was not impressed with this book.  It's worth reading only because there are so few Ruby on Rails books.  There is too much basic Ruby and not enough Rails in this book.  I much prefered the Agile Web Dev with Rails 
0 This book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security, global warming, etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells. The author contributes little to previous books on the subject, such as Rikin's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public. If anything, the book's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms. In doing so, the author comes up with some interesting case studies, but it's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of The Economist, which happens to be the author's employer. Moreover, there was little effort in integrating the various chapters. Overall, a very disapointing book. The author should stick to journalism 
0 I really thought I would be able to learn about the Philadelphia Project from this book, considering the title. However, the actual project doesn't make an appearence until the last chapter. The entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place. This book was disappoiting to an extreme. 
0 I have yet to read a true Grisham thriller, but I plan to in the near future.  Having said that, I have no idea how this compares, but I didn't really care for it.  It's cute and has a sort of slapstick humor that I couldn't get into.  I felt like I was reading a teen or children's book, and I don't like feeling so patronized when I read unless I knowingly pick up a picture book ready for the simplicity of a good message--even then, I don't usually feel patronized or "written down to".  It's simple writing and a simple plot.  It's lighthearted and thus a light read.  I imagine many people would enjoy it; I just couldn't get into it.  :o 
0 I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that the President(!) of the United States George Bush read it while he was on vacation too.I went to my local cofee place and got a MEDIUM regular cofee flavored cofee but in a LARGE cup (so theres room for plenty of milk which I like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large).  Anyway I am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where I have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there.  So then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning.  And he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing.Anyway then he leaves and I notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as I thought previously.  So I'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so I take it back to the library.Now here I have to point out that I had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that I returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight.  Well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever I go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when I turn the book in.  I explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me.But you can guess how this ended up.  I am down another $8 dollars and change (I paid the .50 cents in pennies I got from the place I keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since I counted them out one by one but it was worth it).  And I never finished the book since it was ruined.But! I liked the parts I read "okay" and if the President likes it I guess it gets FOUR STARS only I made it TWO STARS because I only read half.  Maybe I will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then I will come back and give this book it's missing TWO STARS if it ends well.Lesson learned is life is not always fair but you "keep on keepin on" like they say 
0 This novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries.  In between the entertainment biz cliches, the author can only think to put various assination hits.  some of the characters are interesting but not believable, and they  certainly can't make up for the braindead plot.  Read some of his other novels and skip this one 
0 This is a first person account of a trip to the arctic in the 1860's narrated by a Civil War deserter.  Within the first few pages, our hero enlists, pilfers letters off battlefield corpses, deserts, is injured in NYC draft riots, ends up in New Bedford, MA and signs up on a sailing ship without ryhme or reason or knowing where it was going.  The book was downhill from there.Page after page described ice and the crew's interminable struggles to get through.  Getting through the book was nearly as interminable.The reader never gets to know the narrator enough to empathize with him, or really understand him at all.  Thus, his struggles ring hollow and he evokes no sympathy during his struggles.There are elements of fantasy in the book.  Not enough to make it a fantasy, but enough to steer a reader off course.  The scientist on the mission is after a warm Garden of Eden in the middle of the Arctic.  He is mad or it's fantasy, it is hard to know until the end.  There is a fantasy interlude when a character who has three hands (the most likeable character in the book) describes how he got his third hand.  From that yarn comes the title "Rope Eater".  The title really has nothing to do with the book, other than rope eaters and the crew members suffered pain.Besides the tedious turning of the plot, the characters lack any development.  Only the three handed man and the captain, both tangential characters, had any depth whatsoever.This book seemed to be an attempt at adventure, but not enough happened between the interminable accounts of ice to build much tension.  It never developed the aspect of the deterioration of the characters - mentally and physically - it just happened.  Although the reader knew the characters must be suffering, it never came through the over-writing.As one might expect, the crew's mission to find the warm Garden of Eden in the arctic was pointless.  So was this book.  It was a disappointment. 
0 This book is outdated for the 21st century. The basics are there and in great detail but most of the information is useless for today 
0 Turn of the century continues to serve a most useful purpose, months after I gave up on it. I have a door that rattles if it's not wedged open and T-o-C is just big enough and heavy enough to do the job on its own. I struggled, oh how I struggled to try and even begin to understand some of the characters. I stirred the pages wildly while I waited for the plot to thicken. I fought against closing eyelids while the book became heavier and heavier. I searched my abridged guide to good grammar to see if I had missed a couple of chapters explaining that sentences after all don't need a subject, a verb and an object - or even a permutation of two out of three. I left it on the front doorstep hoping somebody would steal it. I offered it to my  neighbor so he could jack up his car. I considered lighting the fire with it. I wondered whether, if I took just a few pages a day, I could eat it and get rid of the evidence. I offered it to my mother-in-law for Christmas. I took it scuba diving with me instead of a weight belt. And then, eventually, voila! The rattling door! What a fine tome T-o-C is. Another few hundred pages [...] and I could have used it as a sea anchor for the Titanic 
0 So this page-turning thriller was on the best-selling list for a gazillion months and put Catholic and fellow Christian faithful in a defensive uproar. I'm fairly well read and, yes, I've earned a few bucks with my prose. I'm also a sucker for historic tales, ancient folklore, mythology and Old Testament characters who lived for 800 years and begat like rabbits. OK, I decided, now that it's in paperback, I'll give it a read. What I concluded was this: Those who found The Da Vinci Code an affront to their faith could have could have ended the argument before it reached the level of theological debate by countering that Brown's work is a literary steaming pile. I read page after page, waiting for the moment when I would start to give a rat's ass about The Da Vinci Code's protagonists. What a bunch of twits. Langdon is a leading authority in the obscure field of symbology (I don't know if I spelled that right, but I'm not about to go back in that book and check it). Apparently, there are enough people in the world who crave more symbology that Langdon's books sell better than Brown's, entitling him to the academia equivalent of rock start status. Sophie is effectively portrayed as a cuddly French chick who's easy on the eyes -- someone a man might make a hit on before the first 300 pages if he wasn't a dipwad like Landgon. She's got some inner deamons that make her interesting enough, but she's been isolated from folks like you and me in a cradle of artsy culture so high-falluting most French probably couldn't tolerate it. And then they hook up with that insufferable aristocratic British snob Teabing. From cradle to some approptiately haught estate near (but, of course) Versaille, this memeber of the Royal Lucky Sperm Club has never had to lift a finger to earn buck or a pound or a Euro. So he's been free to pursue his fascination with Bigfoot rumors about how the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei and those cool Holy Grail Knights from the third Indiana Jones movie have contrived through the centuries to keep the lid on damning evidence that Jesus made a baby girl and God had originally intended women to be in charge of everything. Or something like that. Oh, I forgot, Teabing's crippled so I should feel bad about talking bad about him. Anyway, this trio of prententious intellectual clods sit around do what pretentious intellectual clods do -- make lofty, self-affirmed pronouncments about how the world's going to turn upside down when this cat gets out of the bag. The point is that these characters aren't very approachable and Brown does little to convince me that this secret will destroy Christian faith as we know it. Hell, it's been more than 100 years since Darwin presented pretty clear evidence for evolution, yet the Christian faithtul still pack churches around world. But back to how bad this book is. Trite doesn't begin to describe some of the wincing turns of phrase. I would give you some examples but, like I said, I'm not going back in there. One of the more laughable scenes of upper-crust idiocy occurs when Langdon and Sophie meet up with Teabing in his metrosexual parlor. By now, Sophie and Langdon have somehow eluded the grasp of professional killers several times, been on the run and are exhausted. With a straight face, Brown describes how Sophie's delirium is sated by a spot of tea and her hunger is satisfied by... crumpets. Yes, crumpets. Hell, Teabing, shut up about your conspiracy theories, roust your beligernet butler and have him fix these people something to eat. Offer Langdon a stiff drink. I sure needed one at this point. By now I'm pulling for the albino. Then they escape the jaws of death yet again and, naturally, high-tail it to England on Teabing's private jet. I hoped maybe Teabow would turn back upon discovering he'd left his Grey Poupon behind. I stopped reading it about 30 pages later when it became clear that the Albino wasn't going to get a chance to wack any of these intrepid protagonists. I don't know how it ends. I don't care. However, there were plenty enough nuggets of research on the subject to entice me into watching a few nice documentaries laying out this whole conspiracy on the History Channel and Discovery. Who knows? You might like it. This is just my opinion 
0 Mr. Shirley sneaks into Iran, hiding in the box of a truck, where he should have stayed.  He spends 3 or 4 days in Iran, most of it trying not to be seen.  He walks around for a few hours. He speaks to 3 or 4  truckdrivers, 2 or 3 shopkeepers, and a few assorted others, from which he  assembles a complete picture and understanding of the Political and Social  infrastructure of Iran.  Along the way he explains, on just about every  other page, how the CIA is a complete failure in every facet of it's  existence, how all the career people in it's employ are arrogant idiots who  are devoid of all compassion and intellect.  He explains each of the Cia's  mistakes, along with his explanation of what they ought to have done. He  is, of course, ex CIA himself, having left it because no one there  understood anything about anything 
0 A favourite writer goes to prison, keeps a diary which proves to be an enjoyable read, then, upon his release, writes the worst book of his career. The concept of the book is good, as is the idea to blend the characters into the 9-11 tragedy. The first 20 pages flow with typical Archer style. Then the characters begin to make a series of continuously irrational decisions.My personnal favourite is when 2 characters independantly consider driving either to Canada or Mexico in order to fly to Europe during the 9-11 grounding of air traffic. The idea that New Yorkers wouldn't know that Montreal is the nearest international airport seem laughable. While there is a direct highway to Montreal, Archer sends the main character to Toronto which reqires a least 6 different highway changes, is in the wrong direction and nearly twice the drive. Once at the border, the border patrol guard turns out to be a world class art historian who apparantly doesn't know that McGill University is in Montreal not Toronto as is claimed by our hero. The guard then remarks that he will "meet" a collegue of the hero when that peron travels up to the conference. The idea that only one border guard is working the dozens of eastern US/Canadian border crossings, with multi-lane checkpoints 24/7 is simply the work of a mind out of touch with reality.Its fine to change details to enhance the plot and structure of a story, but there is simply no benefit to this sillyness.Dan Cormie 
0 I might have been expecting too much, but I was disappointed with this book. I did not learn anything on Dark Magick per se. The first half of the book is about a variety of subjects like, Goths, Vampires, Lost Souls, the Collective Unconscious, Dark Deities, Satanism and some other stuff. The second half is about Magick, but it sounds more like High Magick to me. Where's the Dark Magick 
0 This book disappointed me after reading Martins letters. Although this book provides a very different angle on value investing and has some useful ideas the writing style is poor and lacks clarity. There are much better books on analysing companies I suggest Financial Statement Analysis by Martin Fridson and Fernando Alvarez. 
0 I thought this book was supposed to help you construct a very useful and pretty small house on a budget.  I was wrong.  Instead, it is about not too big houses where you spend tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, on all kinds of architectural extravagances.  Perhaps this book could have a subtitle:  How to spend a million dollars on a 1,500 square foot house.  If you are looking to build a house efficiently and cheaply, this is the wrong book 
0 I see where this would be appealing to sum. I just never "got it".  Oh well. 
0 I read Bill Bryson's "A Walk in the Woods" and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book, and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated (for the "educated" aspect, Bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents).I started into "In a Sunburned Country" with similar expectations, and especially since I have always longed and planned to visit Australia.  To state that I was disappointed is a severe understatement.  After reading this book I now have little to no desire to visit the "land down under;" my only hope is that I will completely forget what I read in Bryson's book so that I may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting Australia.  (Senility be merciful and consume me hastily!)My best estimate is that Bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about Australia.  During and / or after his trip, his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own.  I have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as I did with this one.  Bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a "story" relayed second-hand from one of the Australians he "met."  Such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books.The only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents.  These, at least, provided for some interesting reading.After comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of Bryson's books ("I'm A Stranger Here Myself") after she read "A Walk in the Woods," it would appear that "In a Sunburned Country" is not the only snore-fest that Bryson has churned out.  Perhaps he isn't a "one hit wonder," but I for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out.So, if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that Bryson provided in "A Walk in the Woods," look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed.  
0 I must say I was dissapointed with those 2 stories. First story is so far from reality (I know, I know, sometimes we want to get away-but not That Far!!!) I couldn't read even half of the 2nd story...It was written very poorly. Sometimes I felt like something just wasn't enough, at times opposite - like it was way too much! Anyway, I wouldn't recomend bying this book.. 
0 City of the Dead can't really be called a zombie story.  It's really a cheesy action novel that just happens to have beings called zombies in it.  The zombie aren't really undead like in the Romero movies, but are corpses possessed by demons.  I really didn't find any part of the novel scary and it doesn't seem like the author was trying to make it scary.  He seemed to take the route so many Hollywood scary flicks take and just tried to gross out his readers through descriptions of the decayed bodies of the demons.  The action is clunky and not very exciting.  His hero's are constantly stopping to argue about things like how Jim's ex-wife raised their son while being hotly pursued by hundreds of demons.  There are too many parts that require suspension of disbelief: a military Humvee could never catch an Explorer SUV, the hero's escape a fire by climbing across a ladder to the neighbor's house with the demons somehow not noticing, they're being chased by dozen's of demon vehicles on the road but second's later after crashing they have somehow lost them.  And I have to ask why Keene included the descriptions of Necrophilia in the novel.  In the end City of the Dead reads more like a cheesy Schwarzenegger/Stallone/Norris movie than a horror novel 
0 This is J.A. Jance at her worst and the readers simpering narrations doesn't help 
0 The content of this book is adequate, but the layout leaves much to be desired.  The only way to find a chapter is through the table of contents.  Pages are not labeled with chapter information, such as which chapter that page belongs to.  The content is often broken up with cases and excercises that divide paragraphs in half. This makes it very confusing to follow the flow of the book.  You can be reading along and jump into a case or excercise without knowing it and become very confused.  If the authors and publishers would rework the flow of the book, I would rate it much higher 
0 very disappointing, as well as boring!!generalities, of little help.have seen simple, cheap books with better ideas and tips.the writer might be a grandmaster , but this will not help othercreatures."forget" about this book 
0 I'm a big Nora fan, but I couldn't even finish this one. By the fourth chapter I began to skim. WAY WAY WAY to much detail for me. Which made it boring and slow. Testing and corrosion, is it fake, is it real ...blah blah blah. ENOUGH! I did however enjoy the side story about the brother (I forget his name). But thats it folks. Unlike ALL the other reviewers, I hated it. I say PASS on this one. But as you can see, I'm in the minority 
0 This book is out of rint for one reason, it is terrible.  I am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says.  She blames P&amp;G for the destruction of the  environment, mistreating employees, the role of women in society and  racism.  P&amp;G has done many things wrong, most big companies have, but  it is not the cause of the fall of Western society 
0 The author keeps referring to the LDS church as a cult. By definition a cult is: A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader.In Christ's day many would have considered his movement (Christianity) a cult by definition and now it's the largest religious form of worship in the world. So let Mormons do their thing. There's upwards of 12,000,000 of them now so I guess they're not a cult anymore 
0 The daughter of a prominent Boston doctor is dead, apparently from a botched abortion (which was illegal in the late 60's).  Dr. John Berry's friend, Art Lee, is in jail for the crime, which he says he didn't commit.  So, Dr. Berry sets out to prove his friend's innocence, and runs into cover-ups and lots of secrets.  But there are many doubts, such as was the girl really pregnant, and did Dr. Lee actually perform the surgery, and why is Dr. Berry so interested in finding the culprit?For Michael Crichton's first novel, it's not bad, but nowhere near as good as some later ones.  The plot is marginally interesting, but it was hard to keep characters straight and the dialog didn't sound very natural.  Dr. Berry (who just takes the whole work week off to investigate) talks more like a cheesy "private eye" than a doctor.  Also annoying was the use of footnotes and endnotes to explain various medical terms and concepts - nice to know but annoying to look up 
0 I am an avid reader and could not make it through this book. His other books were so good. I could not have predicted what a disapointment this book would turn out to be. In applying some of the recommended techniques, my 11 year old daughter, Emily, thought I lost my mind. Thank goodness things are back to normal. We are both much healthier having now dispensed with the advice 
0 Communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history, responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people. This book (which started it all) holds at least much of the blame. Communists were and still are a threat to the free world, and communism is a slave system. Some "intellectuals" actually support the tired mantras of Marx's philosophy, whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who haven't seen enough sunlight, I don't know. In any case, if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property, and is totalitarian and slave-driving (the government owns everything, including you). And the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up. Pol Pot, Mao, Stalin (of course), etc etc...who are these people kidding 
0 As a student of urban development and politics, I can confidently say that this book is a forgettable work of a parochial mind. Davis offers a hardline Marxist view of Los Angeles that, by employing simply economic analysis, does not allow for the intricacies of the city's problems. Class warfare plays a much smaller role in the sprawl of Los Angeles -- anyone outside of the ISO should be discouraged from reading this baseless drivel 
0 This book, up to the very end was very good. With out a doubt a three star book maybe three and a half.  The end is what ruins the entire thing. Don't worry I'm not going to spoil anything. I'll just say the ending stinks out loud!This story is not really horror, its SiFi. A adventure/drama/SiFi. It really should have been about 100 to 200 pages longer. Everything in it was really cool and fun to read but it just seemed rushed. And somethings were not really dove into thoroughly enough. The writting was dead on as always and character development was good.  This book just needed another couple hundred pages to go from a barley average book to a great book 
0 Not to be disrespectful but are you people for real? I can't believe this book is getting 4 and 5 stars. There was nothing good about this book. A bunch of people in the book did not even matter, Bill Kendall's wife, the new anchor man Pete whatever his last name was, the boss Yelena, Eliza's boyfriend, the priest, even the soon-to-be-president and his wife, I mean what's the point in even mentioning them? They were not involved in the main events. She didn't even talk about what happened to them at the end. The judge is the only one that matters, and she didn't even write about him all that much. Really disappointing. As I said I don't mean to be disrespectful, but to give this book 5stars, you must have read either bedtime stories all your life, or not have read anything. DON"T WASTE YOUR MONEY that's all i have to say. sorr 
0 I recently decided to become vegetarian, so I got this book to read. I was very disapointed. I think this book provides good information about nutrional and meals, yet is written in a boring, scientific way. This book may appeal more to parents of vegetarians and vegans and adult vegetarians, than to teenagers. This book contains a lot of recipies, and some of them sound good, but most of them are far more complex than a teenager would be willing to cook. I would reccomend this book to parents of teenage vegetarians, but there are better books written for the teens themself. This book also has so many negative quotes including a whole page of someone making fun of vegetarian food and rambling about how they hate tofu. I don't think these are nessecary in a book for vegetarians, there is enough of that without reading about it. However, if you seriously want to research about being a vegetarian this book won't hurt, it is just a dissapointment 
0 I had to buy this book for a class.  It is an extremely boring read and I struggle to keep myself awake while reading it (as does the rest of the class I am told).  It does tell you about Dreamweaver though and I suppose that is its purpose.  One thing that I do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing Internet Explorer and other isp's.  His personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary 
0 "Being a lover of freedom, when the [Nazi] revolution came, I looked to the universities to defend it, knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth; but no, the universities were immediately silenced. Then I looked to the great editors of the newspapers, whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom; but they, like the universities, were silenced in a few short weeks.... Only the Church stood squarely across the path of Hitler's campaign for suppressing the truth. I never had any special interest in the Church before, but now I feel a great affection and admiration for it because the Church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom. I am forced to confess that what I once despised I now praise unreservedly." -- Albert Einstein. What I'm getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad, that's easy. When you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily, you may want to consider the source; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact, vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution.Or maybe Israel Zolli, chief rabbi of Rome whose conversion to Catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church's reaction to the plight of the jewish people. This book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized. It is important to read a work like this however, in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author's motive 
0 "The Other Boleyn Girl" and "The Queen's Fool" are two of the best books I've ever read--and I've read a LOT of books, especially about this period, which especially fascinates me. They were gripping to the end, and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces. So whenever a new book by Philippa Gregory comes out, I buy it, hoping to have the same experience, and lately have been sorely disappointed. "The Virgin's Lover" fell flat, and now I am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged, must give it up. One reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess, however it depends on the writer. Anthony Trollope, for instance, was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed. That may or may not be the case with Gregory. I know, as a writer myself, that there are times when the work flows out, feeling almost as if it's channeled from another source, and times when it's harder, more mechanical. The more challenging situations are those when I'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject. So to me, neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse. They feel forced, constructed. I'm going back to Trollope 
0 I lived in France. I know plenty of fat French women. And French women who drink hard liquor every day. And French women who drink coffee more than just in the morning. French women don't have the market on thinness by any means. People all over the world have guilt about eating and learn bad habits. The author starts out trying to be objective but her arrogance comes out loud and clear as the book goes on. And her dropping of French phrases here and there throughout the book are downright annoying.Nothing new in this book. Eat less, exercise more. 
0 Native Tongue by Carl Hiaasen This book is fast paced, has a lot of energy, and a zany weirdness.  No doubt, it is a page-turner.  And it is better than the other book of Hiaasen's I have read, Double Whammy.  But all that does not a good read make...A strength of Hiaasen's books are his characters, well defined and numerous.  Most are straightforward stereotypes, from the out-of-luck journalist-turned-publicist, the vapid sex-phone girlfriend, a steroid-doped strongman, the crude-and-sleazy millionaire bad-guy, a muscular-but-clear-minded black good-guy cop, to the dumb-but-intrinsically good-guy burglars, and loads of redneck Florida "crackers".  Hiaasen makes this cast interesting by having them jump through zany hoops, and by casting two characters that are quite original, an environmentally-militant 70+ aged woman, and an environmentally-crazed former-governor-gone-wildman.  And we meet psychotic whales and sex-starved dolphins.  Etc. etc.So what's wrong.  Mainly, it's that the book stays at a level of TV-sitcom-gone-book.  It achieves zero depth in dealing with any subject.  One might think that the exception is the environment, but the story is so inane that it cannot achieve traction even here.  So perhaps Native Tongue is just pure entertainment?  If you like brainless action, gratuitous violence, gross humor, and zany "fun", Native Tongue might satisfy.  I have one additional problem with Hiassen, and it's similar to the problem I so often have with Michael Crichton.  These books stink of hypocrisy.  Crichton makes a (seriously good) living off nifty science ideas while constantly bashing that same science.  Hiassen's heroes work hard to rise out of the trash heap of modern society, but Hiaasen's writing routinely wallows in that same trash heap for supposed laughs and zaniness. While I enjoyed a few sections of Native Tongue, I had no doubts at the end that I had wasted many hours that should have been better spent 
0 In his recently published history, The Whiskey Rebellion, William Hogeland attempts create a revisionist history of the late eighteenth century Whiskey Rebellion in Western Pennsylvania. What Hogeland accomplishes is less history and more diatribe in the vein of Howard Zinn. He has an axe to grind, and by the end Alexander Hamilton is the devil incarnate, and those who openly contemplated secession and committed acts of violence against property and people were just trying to bring the American Revolution to its necessary conclusion.The accusation that Hogeland comes back to again and again is that Hamilton incited the rebellion. The argument is that because Hamilton's patently unfair whiskey tax was the impetus behind the frontiersmen's resistance, and his unreasonableness in enforcing the tax and issuing writs for the arrest of those who refused to pay the tax caused the rebellion.The problem with Hogeland's argument is his scholarship, or lack there of. He almost never offers a direct quote, especially when accusing Hamilton of malfeasance. Instead, Hogeland offers his summary of primary documents with nary a footnote. The reader is expected to accept on faith the author's interpretation at face value with no way to check the facts except a ridiculously useless bibliographic essay at the end. Not all of this is Hogeland's fault. The new trend in historical works intended for the popular market eschews scholarly footnoting, opting instead for endnotes that provide little more than an opportunity to name drop. Even Doris Kearns Goodwin, a legitimate scholar, is guilty of the succumbing to this new endnote craze.Ultimately, this is the main problem with William Hogeland: he is not a scholar. He is a magazine writer with an agenda, and no scholarly background to legitimize his preposterous conclusions. To read some radical agenda into the actions of the Pennsylvania farmers is the very worst revisionist history, because there is no basis in reality. 
0 I did not enjoy this book at all because it was writen in a very distracting fashion.  While it was unique, it was too hard to get into.  I also really hated the story, it was also too confusing to follow, to strange to enjoy, and to boring to care.  I totally hated this book and it was near torture and a waste of time to read.  The only reason that I read this was because it was for my book club.  The reivews, by the way, in the club were 50/50.  Some loved it, the rest of us hated it.  There was no in-between.  I would only recommend this book to someone who is into odd literature or to English majors, I'm not sure who else would like it 
0 Definitely not one of his best! SLOW SLOW SLOW...  But at least this character had some realistic difficulty learning a foreign language, unlike the hero of "The Partner" who learned a little known Spanish dialect perfectly by sitting in a hotel room listening to cassette tapes for 2 weeks 
0 My husband is Icelandic, and unfortunately this book was NO help at all... It's perfectly fine for the traveller, but in trying to live everyday life, conversing with new family members forget it. I would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section, something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand. If you are quite serious about learning this language I would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive Colloquial Icelandic.  For me at least, it's quite easier to understand, has complete grammatical charts in the back, as well as a fairly decent dictionary...  Again, if you are only learning for business trips and such, then this would be a good option... For those of us actually moving there, her book is not so good.. 
0 "...minus several million for good thinking..."- Zaphod Beeblebrox, THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXYThe above quote (and the score I've assigned to this book) aren't in reference to the text or the author, but to the publishers. Why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross Professor Hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me.Briefly, save your money and buy THE ILLUSTRATED BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME instead of THE THEORY OF EVERYTHING, even if you're a compulsive Hawking completist. Alert readers should notice that Hawking doesn't hold the copyright for THEORY OF EVERYTHING, and attempted to block its publication. It was originally titled THE CAMBRIDGE LECTURES: LIFE WORKS, and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago. (See the professor's web site for details.)The "vanilla" (i.e., not the ILLUSTRATED) THEORY OF EVERYTHING consists of an introduction, seven lectures, and an index, without *any* illustrations or diagrams. Out of curiosity, I compared a library copy of it with THE ILLUSTRATED BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME.Unless otherwise noted, each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in BRIEF HISTORY, in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation (and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text, if I may speculate as to the cause).I don't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of THEORY OF EVERYTHING to THE ILLUSTRATED BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME, which not only has updates for new areas of research, but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson."Ideas About the Universe" is essentially an extract from "Our Picture of the Universe", the first chapter of BRIEF HISTORY, with about one sentence's worth of drift per paragraph.BRIEF HISTORY's version of "The Expanding Universe" has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars, and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist, such as luminosity.THEORY OF EVERYTHING really shows its age in "Black Holes" when compared to BRIEF HISTORY, as Hawking has not been idle in that area over the years. The illustrated edition of BRIEF HISTORY has had a fair bit of interesting material added to "Black Holes", especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities (Hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with Preskill and Thorne, although he paid off the Cygnus X-1 wager). "Black Holes Ain't So Black" lacks major blocks of clarification/explanation added by Hawking to the version in BRIEF HISTORY.BRIEF HISTORY's version of "The Origin and Fate of the Universe" goes into more detail: about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang, and what sort of results we'd expect to see today if the predictions hold, and the scientists who first put forward these theories. BRIEF HISTORY also contains a much longer version of the "open questions" section, leading more gradually up to the discussion of Guth's development of the inflationary model."The Direction of Time" corresponds to BRIEF HISTORY's "The Arrow of Time" (which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the U.S. cesium clock). BRIEF HISTORY goes into more detailed examples to explain what Hawking means by the psychological arrow of time, with the simplest kind of "computer": an abacus."The Theory of Everything" mainly corresponds to BRIEF HISTORY's more modestly titled "The Unification of Physics", which is much more up to date (string theories are still covered, but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years). The tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of BRIEF HISTORY's "Conclusion".--In summary, this is interesting stuff, but THE ILLUSTRATED BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME does it better 
0 F this self-help industry crap. Quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst. I can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title. Humans are far more complex than the hack Man-Warrior/Female-Maiden title what's-his-name gives them. And remember, this "doctor," is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase. Your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives, so why do you? Let's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch. That's a great start to a sane life 
0  Clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is; an endorsement of Ethnic cleansing. If the tables were turned and a Jew, or a Muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with Judaism, or Islam was BRUTALLY MURDERED than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t. I do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist Lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage, or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of HATEFUL FILTH!! 
0 No intellectual can afford to be unacquainted with the immortal John Dewey and his "experimental school." Who would dare criticize the education legend inseparably linked with the irreproachable rhetoric of "progressivism?" I would.Dewey's conception of the child as learner assumes that the uneducated mind is essentially capable of directing its own knowledge by a spontaneous inquisitiveness stemming  from nature study. This he then expects to blossom into a more expanded consideration of the various academic subjects with the teacher merely facilitating transitions and answering the child's self-posed questions. The problems in Dewey's model begin with his science fair-meets-museum-meets-playground-meets-lecture hall school design: the model is untested on any large scale and the cost plus upkeep is prohibitively expensive. Classes are small and require several specialists and non-reusable materials. As if kids didn't have enough problems with the basic skills set already, Dewey would have them heavily involved in shop and home economics. Even more outrageous in Dewey's model is the premise that we ought never force students to study what they do not like. Their own intellectual prejudices reign supreme and by implication, teachers are discouraged from evaluating against solid standards. Experienced teachers know that kids can easily hide their shortcomings even when required to study their weak subjects, and that remediation is hard to implement before they slip further behind. How could Dewey's recommendation to cater almost exclusively to the child's intrinsic likes NOT further disguise and exacerbate low performance?Deweyism of course, like many other off-the-wall theories of education, denies Behaviorism when it refuses to acknowledge psychological patterns in man. It depicts formulaic teaching and learning as fundamentally faulty and generalized curricula as harmful to student individuality. Nothing could less representative of the quality research conducted, particularly Project Follow Through: the great skeleton in the student-centered advocates' closet. I'd personally like to see Dewey's updated plan for seamlessly moving kids, who come into class with their "natural inquisitiveness" programmed by TV, rap music, and other pop media, into colonial American history, calculations of hyperbolic asymptotes, Tennessee Williams, and the "plus-que-parfait" tense. But of course, such leaps of interest are unnecessary if we utterly throw out the old-fashioned academic corpus along with the old-fashioned school system.90% of students in high schools today report that they do NOT feel adequately challenged. Maybe the answer doesn't lie in yielding to children's lack of intellectual discipline but in tapping their potential to control that uninformed caprice. Dewey's "progressivism" relies upon the contradiction of allowing uneducated mind educate the teacher on its own education. From the absurdity of it, I can only conclude that sane people latch onto this school gedankenexperiment to maintain an escapist fantasy in light of dismally high drop-out rates, lowered standards, and social discord. But a radical solution is not necessarily synonymous with a good one 
0 We have to use this book for the college class that I'm taking and it is a horrible book. I often find myself looking for help on the internet rather than going to this book. It is poorly organized, I have to go to the index in order to find something I specifically need because the book isn't in any order. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone. Find another there are many more 
0 I have 50 pages to go and I can't wait to finish this boring waste of time. Very predictable, sappy, sweet and quite meaningless.  I give it a minus 1 
0 I was intrigued by his &quot;The End of History.&quot; I thought his  &quot;Trust&quot; was a brilliant book and used it extensively in my  masters thesis and doctoral dissertation. I only hope this latest book is a  disruption in an ongoing chain of good books. In the end, &quot;The Great  Disruption&quot; is a down right silly book. It has a lot of usefull data  but Fukuyama's humanistic ideology clouds it all. All his empirical data  and any real understanding of history undermine his polly-anna conclusion:  that things just have to get better because people are ultimately good.  Fukuyama proves that the moral consensus -- the social capital -- of the  earlier era has been wiped away. That crime has sky-rocketed and that the  apparent drops in recent crime rates are only the result of high  incarceration rates and lower percentages of younger men. Then he turns  around and wants us to believe that disfunctional behaviour has dropped  because people are naturally gregarious and have a natural inclination to  rebuild social capital. He doesn't bother to deal with societies -- like  Ethiopia -- that have never been able to build up enough social capital. He  doesn't really look any further back in history past about 1950. His  generalizations about the 19th century merely show how little he has taken  into account the big picture of history. He thinks (based on his ideology  of human goodness) that things just have to get better. If he had studied  Pitirim Sorokin for a really big picture of history, he would know better.  People can come to a similar optimistic conclusion as does Fukuyama but  they will need to be much better grounded in history if they are going to  make generalizations about long-term historical cycles. For that, I would  recommend Robert W. Fogel's &quot;The Fourth Great Awakening and the Future  of Egalitarianism.&quot; Fogel, a Nobel prize winner, has all the optimism  of Fukuyama but with the history to back it up 
0 I have read several of Hiaasen's books and loved them.  They were very funny.  This one is not.  It is an endless description of naked strippers.  I found the main character, Erin, to be very unappealing.  She is just so stupid.  Her problems are all of her own creation.  And she is not funny.  I think you have to be a man to like this book.  I, as a woman, just found it exceedingly boring.  I kept waiting for it to get funny.  It never did 
0 I read this short novel because I greatly admired Shaara's Pulitzer Prize winning "Killer Angels," and because I'm a baseball fan.  The novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher.  It's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot.  The characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories.  The feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there.Any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work.  Shaara sets most of the novel in Yankee Stadium with the Hawks playing the Yankees.  Why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear.  The Hawks apparently are from Atlanta, but an Atlanta team, Braves or Hawks, whichever, would not be playing the Yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season.  Finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in Yankee Stadium--not on the mound on the field.This book was published posthumously and Mr. Shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "Killer Angels."  It's unfortunate.There are glimmers of interest in the book, but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book 
0 I was reading about my son.  It all sounded familiar and the concepts and suggestions made good sense.  Really talked about a framework of letting the decision making (and the consequence of their decision) remain with the teen. Then half way the book screeched in a new direction.  All of a sudden the book went from experienced practitioner point of view to subjective parent point of view.  When it comes to sex the authors don't want you to leave the decision with the teens, they want to take that one back, which weakens the premise they present.The authors danced around abstinence while never taking a really firm position - which I would have respected, if not agreed with.  Then in the middle of that chapter one of the authors invokes Christ into the conversation/solution.  If I knew this book was written in context of a particular belief system, I wouldn't have spent the $22.  I would have wanted to know that in advance.  Tripping over this midbook has completely disappointed me and diminished the content and message of this book.Buyer Bewar 
0 Pretentious and boring, too clever for its own good, the only good chapters in this book are the ones about Pontius Pilate and Jesus Christ, and there's not enough of that.And this was the Michael Glenny translation 
0 just to make the plot work.  Not very realistic.  If you want a realist cop character, try Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch. 
0 I was doing the new change series and felt something wasn't right.Found out on the internet it's a cult all the way.This book is the mildest of all her teachings.Let me tell you if you don't do it her way you will not enter the kingdom of heaven.It's all so subtle when you sit there week after week and watch the dvd's it's all about her and her son and so subtle Remnant Fellowship the only called out ones.You'd better get in the arch or you are not the true followers of the Lord.Well Gwen we are saved by Grace through faith,it's a gift from God,not of works so no one can boast! That's all she does is boast how sinless or tries to be sinless she is and her perfect Remnant.I have been talking to several people that she has judge and judged hard and it makes me sick! Just look up on the internet type in Gwen Shamblin and you will judge for yourself what this Weighdown teaching is all about.Judge not least you be judge and why do you look at the speak in your brothers eye when all the time you have a log in your own eye?I never heard anything about God's Grace it's all twisted scripture.There's fruit all right in these peoples lives well other cults have fruit too! And the really overweight people if they are totally honest with you they starved themselves to get the rest of their weight off.JUST BEWARE!! 
0 I agree with some of the negative reviews that the Junie B. Jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable.  My son, who is a pretty sensitive boy, didn't like Junie B. Jones because he thought she was rude.  I would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who, though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes, are generally nice people.  We did love the Magic Tree House series, both for the adventure and the personalities of Jack and Annie 
0 I enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts, but I didn't even make it through the first chapter before I put this book down in disgust. Almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments. As I was flipping through the book, I found x-rated pictures and drawings that I would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book. I never would have bought this book if I had seen it in a bookstore, and I regret throwing it in the trash before I could see if I could get my money back 
0 As a lecturer of e-commerce, I was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the Internet.  However, I am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored.  The author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the Internet has brought about.  The result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic.  I have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted 
0 I'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life. I'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing. My wife (may she rest in peace) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a Wyoming nature preserve. Anyway, life moves on.Much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything I should know how to do. "But Fred," you might be saying (and I'll be saying "Fred isn't my name, idiot!"), "how do you know what you should know if you don't know what it is to begin with?"Ah, well, let me explain. See, if Tchikavoslky taught me one thought, it was this: I know nothing.So it is with this deep insight into my own mind that I came up with the following Things I Should Know, based on what I currently do NOT know:1. How to start a hurricane. This is very important.2. How to kill a man with a toothpick. What if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim? Scary.3. How to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army. I don't want to be the next Homer Simpson!4. How to raise children. I've raised ten and still haven't figured out what a diaper is.5. What a diaper is. I don't know, my wife used to talk about them a lot.6. How to drive. Sure, technically we're supposed to learn how BEFORE we get our driver's licenses, but like many people, I just got a fake one when I was 12 and have been driving since then. I've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter, so I figured it might be good to learn how to drive.7. How to stalk a celebrity. You just never know.8. How to put on underwear without leaving stain marks. You fellas know what I'm saying!9. How to make coffee. People ask me to all the time, and because I don't know how, I just take some warm water and pour mud in. Thankfully no one's noticed my inadequacies yet, but I'm sure soon enough they will, after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection.10. How to kill yourself. I don't want the aliens to get anything out of me when I'm taken hostage. I saw it in that Tom Cruise movie, and it was sure scary!So with these things in mind, I'm severely disappointed by this book, and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid.Please, Barbet Schroeder (or whoever the author was), write a better book next time 
0 As many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction, however midway it turns into a romance novel.  I give it 3 stars for holding my attention.  A good beach read that can get you thinking (a little) about a time past.  The one star is a mistake and I cannot seem to change it.   3 ***  stars 
0 I bought this for a quick trip based on the good reviews and the fact that the new Fodor's isn't out yet. This has a lot of beautiful pictures and good background explanations, but isn't great if you actually want to see much beyond holy sites and ruins. the maps are not comprehensive enough (the one for modern jerusalem  didn't cover a third of the city, and the one for tel aviv was tiny), and there is not enough practical information about food, hotels, and getting from place to place. I was disappointed. 
0 I tried as hard as I could but just could not get into this book.  Not quite as bad as her book, "Impossible," but close.  Danielle Steel is getting so repetitive in her writing.  Basically, this book repeated over and over how much Quinn liked sailing and how he neglected his wife throughout the years and that he didn't realize how much she meant to him until she was dying/dead.  Drivel.  She could have elaborated on what was supposedly the storm of the century but ended it quickly or expanded on the characters themselves, but no.  A waste of time.  Very hard to get through as there really is nothing there to get into at all.  Disappointing, to say the least.  
0 I've heard this book on tape, which, poor writing aside, is more horrifying to actually hear O'Reilly read in his own voice. The gratuitous sex (which can only be appreciated if you also enjoy harrassing others with phone sex and falafels) is enough to turn anyone off, but THAT VOICE narrating the suggestive scenes is waaaay too much to endure. A sad, sad example of narcissism at it's very worst 
0 Having read a few Bosch books already (The Closers and Lost Light), I realized that I should probably start at the beginning to get better insight on how Bosch became the Bosch I was reading in the later series.  However, I was very disappointed with this book.  One of the most irritating aspects of this book was the grammatical errors (mispellings and such).  I found 3 or 4 in the first 50 pages (before I stopped reading)!  I thought it was ironic that Connelly was thanking his editor at the beginning of the book, because it did not seem that anyone was editing this book.  Also, I found the book to be too gritty.  It lacked the emotion and soul that I found in the later books.  It seemed that Connelly was trying too hard to make Bosch fit this certain mold, but then transformed the character to be more likeable in the later books that I read.  So it was disappointing that this book could not hold my interest because I just finished reading The Narrows and loved it, and will probably pick up some other Bosch books and just read it out of order.  Connelly's writing seems to be getting better and better, which should explain why I didn't enjoy this book and couldn't finish it.  I gave it 2 stars because it might have gotten better and maybe I was too impatient.  This is one of those series that seems like it is better to read out of order 
0 I have read Baldacci's first four novels and have immensely enjoyed all of them.  This one, however, is just awful.  Not only the character's dialogue but even the story itself is written like a really bad detective movie.  The only thing I can think of to compare it to is this :  There was a series of Calvin and Hobbes cartoons where Calvin imagines himself as a private detective and they are written like the old detective shows, with lame lines like "The gun was loaded, and so was I".  That is exactly what this book is like, except it goes on for 400 pages.  There isn't a single interesting character in this book, in my opinion.  You just have to slog your way through the book to get to the end.  It's the Bataan Death March of novels.  I hope this is an aberration - I'll certainly give him another try since the first four novels that I read were so good.  But one more stinker like this one and I'll drop his name from my reading list 
0 This book was written in 1982, updated in 1995. It has a whole section on cameras, which isn't useful since most of them are outdated. Doesn't even mention digital cameras. Since it specifically discusses the mechanics of cameras, I found this book to be disappointing. 
0 This book was very boring. Details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating.  This book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it. A poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book. What does that show about the book? 
0 Save your time, money and patience.  This may be the worst book I have read since the equally monotonous, predictable Stone Barrington novel "The Short Forever".  Wow, this one stinks.  Like others, I put up with the shallow characters, ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers, boobs and guns to figure out whodunit.  Unfortunately, this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid.  Who on earth did kill Vance?  And come to think of it, who gives a damn?  I don't what women did to Stuart Woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt.  Every female character, save for Isabel the maid, felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero.  Each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb, vacuous, self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic!  The only normal female character who spared Stone, Mary Ann, unfortunately has a room temperature IQ.  I am hardly a prude, but I lost count of how many women either Vance or Stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth.  Mr. Woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than I thought 
0 Very politically manipulative primer that only gives 5/8 of the story. I add 1/8 because the author does acknowlege some of the huge problems caused by unbridled global capitalism, but then quickly glosses them over basically saying that these effects are unfortunate, but that free global trade is best for everyone in the long run. There is a lot of interesting incidental information as various terms are explained, but too often this reference becomes a one-sided sermon for free trade. These are the same deceptions that Robert Reich started pushing under Clinton. Repubs kept the song going without missing a beat. Most of both Dem and Repub reps support neoliberal policies - the rich get richer in both parties. Feel free to read to learn about terms, just be aware that the author is leading you down a highly biased path 
0 I think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies:"I was born in Israel (Palestine then) to a well-known Jewish religious family. We are living in Israel for many generations; well before the Zionists infiltrated the Middle East. Jews and Moslems always lived in peace in Palestine until the Zionists came from Europe, massacred the Palestinians (Dir Yassin, etc.) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations. Studying in a Jewish religious school in Tel Aviv, I was taught that the 'bad Arabs' conducted pogroms all over Palestine killing Jews. My family told me the opposite: we lived in Palestine in peace for generations with our Moslem brothers. When the Zionists started their pogroms (Dir Yassin), the Moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms, killing Jews. However, our Moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives. "http://www.rense.com/general54/thank.htmyou can make your search with many of the Anti-Zionism Jewish organization all over the world. 
0 I have been slogging through this book for weeks now, it was a terrible shock to the system after John Julius Norwich's excellent book on Byzantium.  The book lacks any narrative thrust, often stopping and retreading events slightly out of chronological order and frequently bringing all forward motion to a halt by describing the intricacies of some bureaucratic office or another.  The one consistent thing throughout this book is the author's obvious agenda to "set the record straight" and prove that the Ottoman empire was far superior to its "barbaric" European contemporaries 
0 Cruel, horrible story with a typical Barr convoluted plot. The abuse of children, evil ranger poising as a dead ranger, freaky religious sect, dead animals on the bed, and lost children were all too disturbing and disgusting to me. I've read many Barr books, and my biggest complaint up until now has been that sometimes there are so many characters, it's hard to keep them straight. In this book, that was the last of my worries. I didn't even finish it, I was so turned off 
0 It starts out like Laura Bush's Rules for Driving, but skydives after the opening pages, in which the then 17-year-old Laura kills a young man with her car, who just coincidentally happens to be her boyfriend!  My interest in the book sharply dove after that, as it appears that coincidental killing is the most appealing thing about Laura Bush 
0 I purchased this book as a read aloud for my two oldest children.  I liked the story but the chapters were way too long.  My children kept asking, "how many more pages?" 
0 I picked up the audio book from the library, and didn't know by the title and author's name (my first Jance book) that this was chick lit. I don't feel this book was something I would've started had I known. It started real well, and Ms. Jance knows how to reel you in with her writing. Midway it got off track for me when the the protagonist started blogging  about her unfair release as a new anchor, and then about her friend who died of ALS, and then came the long responses to the blogs. It just got sickening to this reader and made it hard to stay with what could've been a decent suspense drama. 
0 The plot of this book was interesting, and it could have been a good book. Unfortunately, it wasn't. The main problem for me was that the hero is dispicable, and the heroine has absolutely no self esteem! Even many of the the secondary characters are weak, miserable people!The story starts when the hero finds himself drawn to the heroine even though he considers her a "dirty little nobody". Once she gets a makeover and is actually beautiful, he begins pressuring her to become his mistress even though she is an innocent marriageable female by regency standards. Because she is the daughter of a "cit", he can't imagine why she has any reservations about the deal. He says charming things to her like "how much do you think your virginity is worth anyway". Now that's romance! Meanwhile, even though she is unbelievably insulted by the hero many times, she finds herself drawn to him too. For me their relationship was sort of like an abuser and his victim. She never stood up for herself, and you felt sorry for her.Of course the plot twist involves a mystery about her parentage... only its not really a mystery because almost everyone knows the hero is a Dukes granddaughter, including her. In fact just about the only one who doesn't know is the hero, which provides the dilemma. He would of course be willing to marry her if only he knew she really wasn't a nobody!Will anyone tell him? Will he wise up and offer to marry her even though she isn't good enough for him? Will she give in to her desires and become his mistress since he doesn't think she is good enough for him to marry? Of course it all works out, and he actually proposes to before he finds out she actually is good enough for him. Ugh!!!This could have been a good book if the "mystery" had been handled better, and the characters were written differently. As is, it is a sad regency tale 
0 This year, 60% of college entries will be female.  Look at this spring's honor role listings.  Last year, 78% of honor role members in my community were female.  Schools are fails boys - not girls.If you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap, then get this book.  If you want to really improve the quality of education, there are thousands of reads better than this 
0 Ms Howard is usually a dependable author but she really let her readers down with this one.  It's OK to expect a reader to suspend disbelief every now & again but one would have to have a frontal lobotomy to buy what she is selling in this one.  So disappointing, especially after her wonderful & hilarious "To Die For."  The trees (for paper) that gave up their lives for this book die for nothing this time.   
0 I hate this book. It is extremely boring and it is way too long.  There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar. Do not read this unless forced to. I like to read, but this nearly put me to sleep.  avoid at all cost 
0 Isn't it frustrating when a book spends a lot of time building up the problem-to which you say, &quot;Yeah! yeah! That's me!&quot; and then gives you no answer, or a weak one to which you say, &quot;No duh!&quot; I'm afraid this book is one of them. The title is misleading because you assume he will help you find the life you've only dreamed of, or at least point you in the right direction to get started! But I was left depressed after reading it because it basically says that God gives us desires that we can't have on earth so that we will long for Him and Heaven. I don't believe that's the abundant life Jesus promised. So I went to the Bible. (I should have gone there first!) I looked up every time it talks about desires and got my answer. &quot;Delight yourself IN THE LORD and He WILL give you the desires of your heart!&quot; Ps. 37:4 So I set out to seek Him. I started reading &quot;Knowing God&quot; by J.I. Packer and began to get answers to all my questions about desire! I hope you'll find them too-in Him 
0 As I read this book, When Madeline Was Young, I felt as though I was lost, wandering through a forest, searching for something - a beautiful butterfly, a perfect flower, a mystical cottage.  But there's nothing there.  It's just a forest full of a confusing tangle of leaves and vines and nothing mystical at all. And that's how this book is written.  It is a tangle of thoughts and words, spread from the first page to the last.  Nothing special at all.  I've read all of Jane Hamilton's books.  I loved The Book of Ruth.  Adored A Map of the World.  They were both wonderful and I will always have positive comments for them, but I doubt I will ever buy another book by Ms. Hamilton.  It's not that I want a "formula" book.  But I do want to read something that I can relate to and I don't relate to this at all.  I don't like Mac, the narrator.  His mother is just plain strange and not endearing or believable at all.  I can't stand Buddy, his cousin.  The rest of the characters I barely know and, quite frankly, don't want to get to know.  Perhaps I've changed since her first book came out.  Perhaps the author has.  But whatever the differences, my love of Jane Hamilton's books has ended.  Sadly 
0 This was a hot mess, it was so boring I couldn't even finish the book, I passed it on to my cusion, and she said the same thing, I just gave the book away. My hopes were all high from Flyy Gryl, but thats the only good book that Omar written. I was so upset by this that I actually wanted to write Omar Tyree myself and ask him what the hell was going on. I mean when you write a bad book chances are that no one is going to want to read the next book. I hate reading a bad book because I feel it is just a waist of my time, and I could've done somthing better. Omar, you owe my 4 hours of a good book 
0 We absolutely loved "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" (I highly recommend it) but this is nowhere near as good.  Most of the story is just rehashing the original book, with a little politically-correct "let's ship the extra food to the hungry" thrown in.  Lame 
0 I'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life. I'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing. My wife (may she rest in peace) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a Wyoming nature preserve. Anyway, life moves on.Much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything I should know how to do. "But Fred," you might be saying (and I'll be saying "Fred isn't my name, idiot!"), "how do you know what you should know if you don't know what it is to begin with?"Ah, well, let me explain. See, if Tchikavoslky taught me one thought, it was this: I know nothing.So it is with this deep insight into my own mind that I came up with the following Things I Should Know, based on what I currently do NOT know:1. How to start a hurricane. This is very important.2. How to kill a man with a toothpick. What if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim? Scary.3. How to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army. I don't want to be the next Homer Simpson!4. How to raise children. I've raised ten and still haven't figured out what a diaper is.5. What a diaper is. I don't know, my wife used to talk about them a lot.6. How to drive. Sure, technically we're supposed to learn how BEFORE we get our driver's licenses, but like many people, I just got a fake one when I was 12 and have been driving since then. I've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter, so I figured it might be good to learn how to drive.7. How to stalk a celebrity. You just never know.8. How to put on underwear without leaving stain marks. You fellas know what I'm saying!9. How to make coffee. People ask me to all the time, and because I don't know how, I just take some warm water and pour mud in. Thankfully no one's noticed my inadequacies yet, but I'm sure soon enough they will, after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection.10. How to kill yourself. I don't want the aliens to get anything out of me when I'm taken hostage. I saw it in that Tom Cruise movie, and it was sure scary!So with these things in mind, I'm severely disappointed by this book, and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid.Please, Barbet Schroeder (or whoever the author was), write a better book next time 
0 Mr. Dennett's book demonstrates the ignorance, irrationality, and dishonesty  of humanists. Discussing the meaning of word materialsim, Professor Dennett says:"In its scientific or philosophical sense, it refers to a theory that aspires to explain all the phenomena without recourse to anything immaterial--like a Cartesian soul, or "ectoplasm"--or God. The standard negation of materialistic in the scientific sense is dualistic, which maintains that there are two entirely different kinds of substance, matter and ...whatever minds are supposedly made of." (p. 302)Philosophers stopped believing in dualism a thousand years ago with the development of metaphysics. A modern view is that man is an indefinability that becomes conscious of its own existence. The philosophy that God does not exist is not materialism, it is naturalism. Materialism is the view that all that exists is matter. Materialists frequently say that free will is an illusion and that the experience of the existence of oneself is some kind of epiphenomena. (In a quote below, you will see that Dennett puts free will in a list of things people belief in.)It is not clear from the book whether Dennett is a materialist, but he is certainly a naturalist. Concerning the proof of God's existence, he trots out David Hume's "Who made God?" which is based on a misunderstanding of the principle of causality. I refer the reader to my personal website for my version of the proof.Let's look at two quotes, the first is at the end of the chapter "Belief in Belief" and the other at the beginning of the chapter "Morality and Religion": "That is, isn't it true that, whether or not God exists, religious belief is at least as important as the belief in democracy, in the rule of law, in free will? The very widespread (but far from universal) opinion is that religion is the bulwark of morality and meaning." (p. 245)" Without the divine carrot and stick, goes this reasoning, people would loll about aimlessly or indulge their basest desires, beak their promises, cheat on their spouses, neglect their duties, and so on.  There are two well-known problems with this reasoning: (1) it doesn't seem to be true, which is good news, since (2) is is such a demeaning view of human nature." (p. 279)In the first chapter, he mentions "bulwark of morality" and "meaning." But in the second chapter, he leaves out "meaning."  If our purpose in life is not to get to heaven, what is our purpose is life? Whether religion supports morality can be determined by observing whether there is a correlation of moral conduct with religious belief. Mr. Dennett makes such a correlation to the detriment of religion by citing the high divorce rate of fundamentalist Christians.There are worse things than divorcing your spouse. Disingenuousness can be worse and can take the form of leaving unsaid what should have been said. Mr. Dennett should have explained why he did not discuss the idea that religion gives meaning to life.The only miracle mentioned in Mr. Dennett's book is the Shroud of Turin, which has on it a mysterious image of a crucified man.  Since no one claims to know how the image got there, it can be called a miracle. However, Mr. Dennett does not tell us anything about it. The reader is left to find out about the famous relic by looking it up on the internet. 
0 I had high hopes for this book. There are too many parts that feel self-serving and pointless. I felt like I was reading the author's autobiography rather than reading a book on innovation. The material on IDEO could have so much better from a content perspective but it stopped short of providing practical information to the reader. I found the preface by one of the author's former professors to be the best part of the book. I would not recommend buying this book 
0 This book is an excellent reference book for the serious ghost hunter / paranormal investigator. Provides good case histories as well as "ghost stories" that can be used as examples on investigations 
0 I thought that she was going to explain to you how to invest in rental properties without going into deep debt for yourself. However, the truth is you need money to invest in real estate. So, there's really no way around it, which made her book redundant. She just gave examples of 3 people with 3 different investment strategies. In the end, the one with the most number of rental properties ended up with the largest profit growth. I really did not find the book useful for someone looking to invest in rental properties. 
0 If you've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down, visualizing it, tithing - this book offers no additional insights. And despite his &quot;Official Religious Disclaimer&quot; at the beginning of the book, it is packed to the rafters with the author's own religious dogma. If you share the author's religious outlook you may like this book, but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
0 The stationery is cute and colorful, but the pages are very cluttered. While the envelopes have spaces to write addresses and put return labels, the pages are too colorful and bold. A ballpoint or ink pen doesn't look good on the paper. 
0 This is, without question, the WORST book ever written on one's financial life.  To begin with, it's useless: ZERO information, ZERO new analysis of old information, ZERO advice, ZERO interesting anecdotes.  Additionally, it's rambling--meandering from summaries of old data, to poorly written schmaltzy 'new age' feel-good blathering.  What exactly is this guy's point?   No way to tell. Seriously, this book is SO BAD that all the people who allowed their names to be associated with blurbs on the cover have, in my opinion, lost all remaining credibility.  What a waste of my $16 and 4 hours. I want my money and time back. 
0 If you don't know much more about Woodrow Wilson than an overview of the important events of his life, this book isn't going to help much. There's very little political analysis, almost no attempt to portray what diffiulties Wilson needed to overcome, and no passion at all in the writing. Actually this book feels a lot like a high school term paper that someone knew they had to write and just wanted to turn in for a passing grade. Auchincloss talks a bit about the two Wilsons (one good one bad) and hints at Wilson's dependance on women, but neither of these positions is fleshed out or used consistently. Maybe Woodrow Wilson's life is just too large for a book this small 
0 I have the first edition of this book and had problems with recipes, some I knew were wrong and could figure them out. I heard from the publisher and there were more than 20 mistakes which were fixed in subsequent printings. So if you are buying this do not get the first edition!! 
0 Watson and Crick pilfered the data of Rosalind Franklin (unbeknownst to her) and her data then led them to their ultimate discovery of the double-helix nature of DNA. Instead of acknowledging her with praise, Watson goes on to belittle her and cast her in dark tones without understanding the context in which she was working (ie, a woman working in male-dominated science n the 1950's) -- a classic case of reaction formation. Maybe a brilliant man but with poor insight into human relationships 
0 There were too many characters, disjointed plot threads, not much of a plot in the first place, and not much coverage of the overall march itself.  It focused on many obscure and unimportant characters who weren't that compelling 
0 The title of this book should be "Photoshop Finishing Borders" Dave devotes too much time and effort giving tips on framing and giving borders to your images. There are a few other tips I was happy to see, however I have to give this one a definite thumbs down. I still love you Dave. (I want my money back! 
0 This book has major shortcomings; Stein's obsession with character over plot, for one (Martin Amis said, "I used to sneer at plot until I wrote a novel that had one, titled NIGHT TRAIN. It was HARD and I used stay awake at night hoping I wasn't leaving any holes."), another being his obsession with "show don't tell" (Gabriel Garcia Marquez's novel LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA is probably the greatest novel of the 1980's and it's almost entirely "tell" and very little "show.") And the passages Stein includes from his own novels as examples of good writing were actually examples of terrible writing! (A taxi "disengorging" its passengers is categorically bad writing.) And Stein admits he rejected Frederick Forythe's THE DAY OF THE JACKAL. I wouldn't read a book by Dick Rowe about how to make it in the music business (Rowe famously rejected the Beatles from Decca Records). Stein excuses himself that he was going by only an outline, but then Rowe was going by just a demo tape. Better writing books are out there 
0 This is definitely NOT one of my favorite books about stocks.  The title of the book is a little deceiving, the author talks a lot about option instead of stocks and half the book is about stock splits.Chapters 1-4 are about general info, such as you must buy and sell to make money, don't hold for a long time. You must research the stock before purchase, EPS must increase every year.  I didn't find anything in those chapters that I didn't already know. Chapters 5-10 is all about stock splits and when to purchase the stock as well as when to sell. Once again, the author talks about the obvious; buy when you hear that stock is splitting and sell after the split before the after split dip.  Chapter 11 gets into more advanced trading techniques, the bull put spread.  This is not something that I use or will use in my trading. Chapter 12 is the concluding chapter  
0 It's always easy to criticize somebody's personal choises when it comes to the movies and the stars, but this book is dedicated to the most unforgettable ACTRESSES and not STARS of the studio era. So it comes pretty natural to ask : Is Esther Williams such an unforgettable actress that the author had to overlook Margaret Sullavan? Was Grace Kelly's talent so overwhelming to forget that Miriam Hopkins had such an individuality in the acting process that she kept on working with such directors as Lubitsch, Wyler, Mamoulian, Hawks and Vidor to stunning results? What was wrong with Mary Astor's acting  and what is right with Kim Novak's ?  Actress to me means Patricia Neal or Shelley Winters - Norma Shearer or Natalie Wood were stars....think about it 
0 This book was recommended by someone a lot more financially successful than I am.  But while I was reading, I kept asking myself, "When's he going to get to the point?"  The first part of the book is all about why it's good to be rich--something I thought was unnecessary.  The bulk of the book is filled with anecdotes that try to illustrate the different mindset of rich people as compared to middle-class and poor.  Finally, in the last part of the book, he gives some practical examples of what he considers to be good investment strategy.   This was the only part of the book I was interested in.  To me, it was like his publicist told him that no one is going to buy a 30-page book on investing and so Kiyosaki wrote what he knew about making money and filled the rest with "fluff".  However, even his advice is considered questionable by many experts.  I would say that the main idea I got from this book was to try to look at investing from different angles and not to just follow the crowd.  I just wish I hadn't invested so much time in a book that could have been a lot more concise 
0 In 1980 Michael Weiner saw the publication of Weiner's Herbal: The Guide to Herb Medicine, which states the medical benefits of marijuana [7]. However he recently stated that the chemicals in marijuana make it too dangerous to be used as medicine. On his program, he strongly cautions against the recreational use of marijuana, occasionally devoting his show to "marijuana horror stories" and its claimed potential to ruin lives. He has authored a number of other books on various herbal medicine topics under this name. More recently, Savage's books are political in nature and published by WND Books, a partnership between the conservative website WorldNetDaily and Thomas Nelson, a publisher of Christian books.In January 2003 he published The Savage Nation: Saving America from the Liberal Assault on Our Borders, Language and Culture, his first book under the pseudonym Michael Savage. The book quickly reached the top of the New York Times bestseller list earning Savage, as noted above, a commentary show on MSNBC. The controversial book directs attacks at "media bias", the "dominating culture of 'she-ocracy'", gays, and liberals.Critics have faulted Savage for making a number of assertions in the book that he often fails to substantiate with facts or resources. Exacerbating this condition is the fact that the book itself has no index. The book is divided into two- to four-page sections, many of which are near-exact replicas to columns he published on the conservative site NewsMax.com.In January 2004, Savage published his second political book, The Enemy Within: Saving America from the Liberal Assault on Our Schools, Faith, and Military. His newest book, Liberalism is a Mental Disorder was released on April 12, 2005. Both of these books contained citations of nearly every assertion made, contrary to "The Savage Nation."In January 2006, Savage announced that he would be releasing a new book, The Political Zoo, in mid-March. [8] The book will contain satirical profiles and cartoons of different people in politics as animals in the "Political Zoo" including one of Savage himself, who will be portrayed as the zookeeper. Savage has remarked that the book will be "easier to digest" than his previous political books.Books as Michael WeinerPlant a Tree, New York : Collier Books, 1975 Bugs in Peanut Butter, Boston : Little, Brown, 1976. Man's Useful Plants, New York: Macmillan. 1976. Earth Medicine, Earth Food, New York : Macmillan Pub. Co., 1980. The way of the skeptical nutritionist, New York : Macmillan, 1981. Nutrition Against Aging, Bantam books, 1983. Secrets of Fijian Medicine, Quantum Books, 1983. "Vital Signs", Avant Books, 1983 Getting Off Cocaine, Avon Books, 1984. Maximum Immunity, Boston : Houghton Mifflin, 1986. Reducing the risk of Alzheimer's, New York : Stein and Day, 1987. The Complete Book of Homeopathy, Garden City Park, N.Y. : Avery Pub., 1989. The Herbal Bible, San Rafael, CA : Quantum Books, 1992. Healing children naturally, San Rafael, CA : Quantum Books, 1993. Herbs that heal : prescription for herbal healing, Mill Valley, CA : Quantum Books, 1994. The Antioxidant Cookbook, Mill Valley, CA : Quantum Books, 1995. [edit]Books as Michael SavageThe Savage Nation, WND Books, 2003. The Enemy within, Nelson Current, 2004. Liberalism is a Mental Disorder, Nelson Current, 2005. The Political Zoo, Nelson Current, 2006. Michael Alan Weiner was born to a Russian Jewish family [1] in the borough of The Bronx in New York City. Michael Savage earned a Bachelor's from Queens College in education and sociology. He taught high school for several years in New York City. Following that, he earned two Master's degrees in ethnobotany and anthropology from the University of Hawaii. He then received a Ph.D. in nutritional ethnomedicine in 1978 from the University of California, Berkeley. His thesis was titled Nutritional Ethnomedicine in Fiji. Savage spent many years researching botany in the South Pacific, and has a background in alternative medicine. He has stated he was a liberal at one time and never served in the military.Weiner was a friend of openly gay beat poet Allen Ginsberg, offering to arrange readings for Ginsberg and Lawrence Ferlinghetti in 1972. [2] Some of his letters to Ginsberg are held in Ginsberg's archives and one of those letters describes an encounter with a young Fijian man. [3] Savage denies writing the letter and called it part of a "smear campaign" by "gay fascists". [4] Savage also once posed naked for a photograph with Ginsberg while swimming in Fiji. [5] Ferlinghetti views Weiner's reincarnation as Michael Savage as "total opportunism," the crowning achievement of someone who was "always looking to make a fast buck" and "always trying to think up new schemes to get famous."Michael Savage began his radio career in 1992 on San Francisco's #1 news/talk radio station KGO, first doing fill in work for other hosts, then getting his own show on the weekend. Two years later he was given a weekday show on KGO's sister station KSFO where he shared airtime with a liberal talk show host. He chose his "nom de voix" in "the Tonga Islands in the 1960s. I stumbled upon the name of a [19th-century] shipwreck who was locally infamous -Charles Savage. His exploits were legendary," he said. "So the name was bouncing around in my head." At the time, his slogan was "To the right of Rush, and to the left of God." On January 1, 1995 he was given his own show during the drive-time hours. The show quickly became a local hit. In 1999, he came to the attention of the Talk Radio Network.On January 17, 2000 he started doing an additional two hours of radio which was broadcast nationally. For the next eight months, Savage would spend a total of five hours a day just talking. His national experiment was a success, and on September 21, 2000, he stopped doing separate shows, beginning a full three-hour national show. After just one year, he was in 150 markets. By 2003, he was in over 200 markets and is currently the No. 3 radio host in the United States.In June 2003, he had a salary dispute with his flagship station KSFO who refused to renegotiate his contract. He was off the air for three weeks. On July 1, 2003 he began his show on a different station: KNEW in San Francisco. Since that dispute, he speaks badly of KSFO and of "Vanity or Pretty Boy" Sean Hannity, whose show replaced his on the station. Savage also speaks pejoratively when referencing his fellow talk radio hosts or individuals with whom he disagrees (see List of Michael Savage neologisms).As of 2005, Savage has between 8 million and 10 million listeners per week. This makes his show the third most widely listened to broadcast in the United States.In 1996 he applied to be a dean at UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism. When he was not granted an interview due to lack of qualifications--less than two years of experience in radio, with a Ph.D. in epidemiology and nutrition science--Savage filed a discrimination lawsuit that was eventually dismissed. The position instead went to China scholar Orville Schell who, according to Weiner, was less qualified than himself.Savage was hired by MSNBC to do a one-hour show starting March 8, 2003. On July 7, a mere four months later, he was fired for making anti-gay remarks in response to a caller, later identified as prank caller "East Coast Bob."Savage was doing an "Airline Horror Stories" piece, when Bob called into his show to talk about undercover security guards smoking in the bathroom. His next words were "Half hour into the flight, I need to suggest that Don and Mike should take your show so you can go to the dentist because your teeth are really bad". The words after "should" were bleeped out by a MSNBC exec, which would make one believe that the caller was actually making lewd comments about Savage's sexual orientation. Savage asked if he was a "sodomite", to which the caller answered "yes" . Savage then said to the caller: "Oh, so you're one of those sodomites. You should only get AIDS and die, you pig, how's that? Why don't you see if you can sue me, you pig. You got nothing better to do than to put me down, you piece of garbage, you got nothing better to do today, go eat a sausage and choke on it. Get trichinosis. Now do we have another nice caller here who's busy because he didn't have a nice night in the bathhouse who's angry at me today? Put another, put another sodomite on....no more calls? I don't care about these bums, they mean nothing to me. They're all sausages." [6]Before the show was canceled, MSNBC was replaying his show during primetime hours Saturday night; many believe the show would have been canceled even without his comments, and that MSNBC was simply looking for an excuse to dump the program due to pressure from special interest groups. Others point out that MSNBC has had poor programming and ratings performance for a long time and that many talk shows of all different political stripes have come and gone quickly on the network. 
0 I purchased this took and then found that it was just a reprint from several decades ag 
0 Am I the only one who didn't get a complete book? At first I noticed there was some poor editing - lots of typos. But then after page 180, where page 181 should be (Sleep chapter), it goes back to page 117 (Discipline chapter that I already read). It continues to repeat pages 117 to 180 (a whole 63 pages duplicated!), then picks up again on page 245 in the middle of the School Days chapter that I don't have the beginning of. I'm completely missing pages 181-245 (67 pages).Other than that, good for a few laughs and a handful of ideas 
0 I thought this book would be great and was really looking forward to making some of the recipes, but I have to admit I'm disappointed with the recipes and with what I've baked from it so far.  I was surprised that so many of the recipes called for vegetable shortening instead of or in addition to butter.  I know the book itself explains that shortening is used to achieve a certain texture, but I have read in other baking books that shortening is a crutch and doesn't deliver the flavor punch of pure butter.So I was a little skeptical, and then reading through the recipes, although they are very clearly written, there aren't a lot of extra tips on technique or anything for individual recipes.  The book already assumes a level of competence.I made three recipes from the book: the essential chewy sugar cookie, the essential chewy chocolate chip cookie, and the Fudgy Brownies.  All three recipes tasted delicious, so I can't complain there, but the brownies came out a little tough for my tastes, and both the cookies spread too much -- way too much, and I even refrigerated the dough for the sugar cookies. I consider myself to be an intermediate baker and have made these cookies from other recipes in the past with better results, so right now I'm wondering if I should even try any more of the recipes in this book or just give up.  I think it's okay for a "base" cookie recipe book, but you would need to look elsewhere for better techniques or to tweak the ingredients 
0 What a complete and utter waste of time.  Its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots 
0 ive read many endtimes outlines. tcp isnt any good. go to fortbethel.com under books for much better guides. tcp put me to sleep 
0   This is a book meant to be enjoyed by children under the age of 10.  Young teens and adult readers will be disapointed. Wish I never wasted the time of day reading it. Glad it was borrowed from the library and not purchased or I'd demand my money back 
0 Very poor book, realy a waste of time. The review below said it all 
0 The book is obviously well-researched and the chapter on The Riders was interesting.  However, the author included a lot of details that just really didn't matter-as if he threw in the entire contents of his research rather than sifting out the relevant facts.  The photos and illustrations that he used were illuminating and contributed to the educational value of the book.My professor was able to bring Dr. Schrag to talk to our class.  He was a good lecturer-keeping the class' interest with humor and introducing us to new ways to look at photography and the Metro.  If he could make his writing style more like his teaching style, I think he would have much more success as an author 
0  Ed Klein is really so desperate in his attack that he can't find any one person who will use their names in the attacks against Hillary!    What a lot of misinformation and outright lies. To actually accuse Marian Wright Edelman of using children for her own ends is short of criminal, and to insinuate that Chelsea was the result of a rape, even though on the next page he discusses their fertility search to become pregnant, is disgusting.    I should have known what to expect when the first two words in the book were Monica Lewinsky!  
0 The topic of this book is very interesting: espionage in the Revolutionary War. Unfortunately, "Washington's Spies" goes into so much nit-picking detail that, as the cliche goes, you can't see the forest for the trees. To really get anything out of this book, you'd have to be a *very* dedicated Revolutionary War buff. It didn't have much appeal at all to me as a general reader. 
0 There is no doubt that Antonia Fraser's "The Journey" is written in the author's usual wry, witty and highly engaging style (although I must say that I never before heard of sex described as "lugubrious.") There is also no doubt that Fraser has done a great deal to redeem Marie-Antoinette's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the French people. The book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable. However, I was disappointed to see that Fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions. For one thing, why does Fraser act like Marie Antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage? What about Sophie of Anhalt-Zerbst (Catherine the Great) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land? This sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about. I was glad that Fraser did not fall into the myth of Louis XVI's impotence/ phimosis and surgery and all that. She simplistically portrays him as being asexual, which was not true, because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed "it." But never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of Fersen and the queen fiddling with  primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion. I must say, it is a first. Fraser insists that Marie Antoinette slept with Fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof, while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character. I usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character, but I guess Fraser does. Oh, well. It is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography. I found it absurd when Fraser insists that the tormented queen of France was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the French people now enjoy. If the queen had had her way, her descendant would be reigning today, and that is just the reality of it. For a better study of Marie Antoinette's relationship with her husband, I would recommend Vincent Cronin's "Louis and Antoinette." As for better biographies of the queen, let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of Delorme and Bertieres will soon be available in English 
0 You get your money's worth here--there are a ton of CDs in this audio book. Unfortunately, I found Bryson's prose (which I enjoyed a lot when reading silently, as I have done with his other books) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud. To me, he sounds kind of 'affected' in parts, and sometimes there is a sort of "moist" sound when he pronounces words. Hard to describe until you hear the CD, but trust me on this one. I think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book, and not the CD. I would stick with the written word on this one.  
0 I picked this up because it's considered a classic and I knew it had been made into a movie.  I tend to think that if a book is made into a movie, then the book must be pretty good.  Not so with Howard's End.  The plot in Howard's End doesn't progress much outside of an early death and later marraige.  You have to have some interest in the characters, but they just weren't very believeable.  None of characters convinced me that they could be people from the real world.  I kept waiting for someone to say anything that might border on being interesting, but everyone babbles on and on about nothing of any substance.  The story is clearly dated and doesn't hold up well so many years later.  Living in today's world, it's hard to understand what attracted Margaret to Henry.  There definately is an audience for this book.  I'm just not a part of it 
0 I'll start with the positive:  The main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall, good-looking, smart, humble, etc.  The story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow, carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words.  In short, it was a competent work of fiction. That's where my praise ends, because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas.  Sure, it's a work of fiction, no one is going to take it seriously, yada yada yada.  But that's not true, is it?  So many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers.Alright, here are my problems with it:First, politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power, but that's not true if you're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state.  In Term Limits, Vince Flynn just beats you over the head with the "power corrupts" mantra - he doesn't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song, yet from the lips of the Marine Combat Veteran Congressman who is our protagonist.  You know what, though?  There are people in politics on BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE who really want to do what's right, who really are trying to make a difference for the positive, for this nation and the citizens.  In this book, however, the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they aren't smart enough to make good decisions.Second, murder is a viable answer.  This repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land.  Come on, get real.  This book touts a Special Forces Unit as being so committed to the Constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he doesn't balance the budget.  And, they get away with it because it's really the right side to be on.  Murdering our leaders is the answer according to Vince Flynn.  Murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation, that being elections.  Elections apparently just get in the way.Third, the balanced budget.  For years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget.  The book makes it the central theme.  Balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible.  It's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel.  A Coup!!!  Yet, when the conservatives did take power, despite Vince Flynn's prescient forecasting ability, they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and didn't flinch.  Even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility, they claim that NOW!!!!! the deficit isn't a big deal, that it's really just a function of the percentage of GDP and we ought to all forget about it.  This book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later.  It's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits.Fourth, the good guys don't do bad things.  The Special Ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians.  The bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool.  Flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous, though shalt not?- CV Ric 
0 I truly wanted to like this book.  After years of avoidance I had just finished Moby Dick and found it not only more readable than I'd feared but downright enjoyable.  In addition I'd heard nothing but good things about this novel whose premise certainly intrigued me, and like its predecessor it has one of the truly great opening lines in literature:  "Captain Ahab was neither my first husband nor my last."  Alas, it was all down hill from there; overall this is one of the worst books I've ever forced myself to finish.This came as quite a surprise because the author is no untalented hack.  Author of two other published novels and a short story collection, director of a university level creative writing program, long-term teacher of writing, and holder of a Ph.D. in same, all to considerable critical acclaim, she should be correcting and grading (failing) garbage like this not producing it.  So what went wrong?  How did this novel end up so awful?  The answer is brick by brick and piece by piece.  There is no one great thing wrong with it but rather a lot of little things.LENGTH: If "brevity is the soul of wit", this novel's witlessness is easily explained.  At 666 pages (interesting number that) this novel is about three times as long as it should have been.  It would seem that, to some extent like Melville before her, Naslund confused Length with Importance, but Melville was a lot more skilled at padding than she is.  IMHO this desire to fill too many pages made many of the other problems worse by allowing Naslund both to go into unnecessary detail about things no one else cares about and to repeat herself to the point of self-parody.  Somewhere under the barnacle encrustations may be the finely lined hull of a short novel, but this was a manuscript desperately in need of editing... with a meat axe or a chainsaw.THE NAME DROPPING: One of the pleasures of any historical novel is the encounters between fictional characters and historical figures, but if badly handled these encounters can un-suspend disbelief and downright offend.  They are badly handled here.  An almost uneducated hick from the backwoods of Kentucky encounters by chance a significant number of the thoughtful elites of mid-nineteenth century New England and those she doesn't utterly charm with her brilliance and erudition she gets the better of as in her unintentionally hilarious encounter with Naslund's peculiar imagining of Nathaniel Hawthorne.  One or two of these, developed at greater length could have added to the verisimilitude.  As it is, it is a Zelig or a Forrest Gump without the humor (or the self-awareness).THE POLITICS: Even the most conservative readers would probably find the popular views of a majority of mid-nineteenth century New Englanders a bit disconcerting if espoused straight in a modern novel, so a certain amount of modernizing would be appropriate just to reduce the cringing.  However, Naslund takes this to the opposite extreme by having Una espouse the Politically Correct view on every single controversy of the day (and some that only exist in our significantly sillier day) from slavery to whaling, from feminism to free love, from homosexuality to sensitivity towards the differently abled, all without consequence or even criticism.  This latter is the most offputting because to have actually championed such views back then would have taken considerable courage whatever one thinks of the ideas themselves.  Una espouses them with all the negative consequences that Naslund receives for espousing them today, which is to say: none.THE ANTI-CHRISTIAN BIGOTRY: There is nothing so very wrong with characters in a mid-nineteenth century novel exhibiting agnosticism or atheism as both views were gaining more and more credence at the time, but it is downright silly to suggest that such views would have been widely accepted.  It is even sillier to portray Christianity as something confined exclusively to the foolish, the bigoted, the future apostate, or the mentally ill.  It tells us more about the author than anything else that Una is openminded towards every religious and quasi-religious idea of the time EXCEPT Christianity.THE FARFETCHED SCENARIOS: I sensed the novel was in trouble during the opening scene in which Una loses both her mother and her baby but manages to withstand this blow by making friends with a runaway slave with whom she has a quasi-lesbian encounter....  After this the novel goes into flashback and becomes unrealistic.  After her crazy Christian father threatens to kill her (a sentiment the reader will come to know and understand), Una is raised in a lighthouse by her ludicrously liberal-minded aunt and uncle, encounters two young men who both fall in love with her, disguises herself as a cabin boy and sails on the same whaler with them, successfully avoids detection, is sunk by a whale, survives by committing cannibalism, marries the surviving young man after he goes insane, and is abandoned by him after he goes to live with the Indians, leaving her free to "marry" Captain Ahab (Una never really "marries" anybody but of course nobody ever criticizes).  Things don't get more realistic in the second half, which includes Una's clever and successful investment in the crazy newfangled idea of obtaining oil from the ground instead of from a whale.  Riiiight.THE MARY SUE: However, the absolute worst thing about this novel is the fact that it is a "Mary Sue" that peculiarity of fan fiction in which a laughably idealized and practically perfect in every way alter ego of the author fulfills some basic psychological need while inducing a combination of anger and nausea in the reader.  A more realistic main character might have saved it.  Una never learns anything from her life's too-many-to-be-believed experiences because she already knows everything.  She doesn't change because she is already perfect.  She doesn't have to deal with the criticism of others because she doesn't receive any, and she doesn't have to beg the forgiveness of those she has wronged because they forgive her so easily and besides, Una had her reasons (and they were very good ones you can be sure).The only thing I can figure is that her publisher approved this book on concept alone WITHOUT anyone ever reading it.  I feel like I've just waded through the inept scribbling of a delusional teenage girl who insists on rereading Moby Dick in her bedroom... with the door locked. 
0 I personally do not see how this book could have won a Newbery medal. While the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively, that is about the only positive aspect of this book. The fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable. Sara's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes. Her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family. Sara's twin sister gets all the attention and love, leaving Sara starving for parental care. Finally, Christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental. This book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and I would not recommend it to anyone. I wasted my time with this book: please don't waste yours. 
0 This is another piece of lowbrow anti-German propaganda dressed as historiography.The book is a mess of primary, yet selective and biased historical research, simplistic psycho-babble, ridiculous sociological-anthropological speculation, pathetic organization behavioural theorising and last but not least, absolutely third rate military history. The author is hell bent on proving that there is a German Sonderweg from the founding of the Second Reich to Hitler, that the vaunted German Army is nothing but foolish automatons predisposed to atrocities and mindless offensives.All in all, cheap trash billed as history. 
0 Alright, for those of you who say Rand is criticizing works for false ideals, or lacking in substance, I say this: who is Rand to say what the absolute greatest ideals are?  Who is Rand to say what substance is?  You've got to look at her bias, first.  Realize that Rand never takes into account anything not related to personal freedom.  As if outside factors never matter; and maybe they don't, for her.  Maybe her life in an oppressive Russia did nothing to form who she is today.  But I doubt it.Though I believe personal choice plays a huge factor in determining who we are and how we live, outside influences do affect a person.  But she doesn't.  Thus she condemns all works that are not driven solely by the individual as crap.  All books that are not driven solely by the individual's sense of reason: don't read, cause it will lessen your IQ.  Any work that portrays or is driven by an emotion she doesn't find worthwhile or cannot understand, she condemns.Rand, at least as portrayed in what I've read of her work, is unfeeling toward anything but what she wants.  And this is carried over into this book in what she criticizes.  They cannot hold a little or a fairly large amount of quality, they are either good or worthless.   The pieces of art she says are empty ARE empty, absolutely.  They don't fit into her paradigm thus have nothing to offer.  Nothing to offer her, that is.  How is a completely selfish person supposed to write a critique of history's best books, telling OTHER people (with different wants and ideas and all the other funtions of an individual) What they should read?  Truthfully any criticism in this form, like a list I saw detailing the 100 best literary works in the world, is elitist crap trying to close people's minds toward books that a certain group deems lesser than others.  They have their bias like anyone else.I say read in variety.  Observe art outside of Rand's choice of art.  Take in all you can, with an open mind, then start pondering whether you agree or not.  If you then agree because YOU agree, then I say great.  Its the basic individualistic response that Rand seems to forget to address.  She says question society, but by my line of inquiry.  She says be an individual, but only I know the basis of who you want to be 
0 A book full of heartwarming stories from country stars, singers, writers,  and listeners, or so the back of the book said.  As I read some sentimental  stories, and some down right boring stories I questioned how more than half  of these stories got into the `Country1 edition of the Chicken Soup series.   I loved about three stories, liked about ten, and was puzzled by all the  other entries 
0 I have a hard time believing that the author has ever seen an episode of TNG. I had to force myself to finish this book it was so bad. By far the worst Star Trek book I have ever read.  If you want a good one read 'Federation' and stay as far away from this one as you can 
0 I was so upset after I finished reading this book.  I wish it wasn't updated and they just kept it in its original version.  If you are looking for a historical information of how the samurai lived and their values, this is the wrong book.  Read Bushido: The Soul of Japan.  The Code of The Samurai really felt like The Code of the Japanese Business Man 
0 I'll be blunt.  I didn't care for this book.  I bought it thinking it would delve into the subject of the Gnostic Sophia.  Instead the author goes this way and that and hardly even mentions Her.  I really think the title was misleading.  As a sidenote, Lucifer is given a bad rap in this book and many concede that Lucifer plays an important part in later understandings of Gnosis 
0 This book bears litthe relevance to the 'original' fourth edition book of the same name. There is no coordination with the text. Most of the concepts are explained in terms of economics not computer science, I have to wonder if the whole idea is a gross mistake or a scam. I feel cheated 
0 This book was fun to look at, but not really usable. Lots of stylized drawings and self-aggrandizing tales by the author and not a lot of realistic how-to. Also, the explanations about skin care were clearly not written by anyone with a science or medical background. 
0 For years, I had heard the Akashic Records being touted as the unwritten spiritual book of life, that included every event, every living soul who had ever taken a breath from the beginning of time through eternity. The subject was beyond fascinating, as my limited mortal mind could not grasp the enormity of such a body of knowledge "existing".However, I took it on absolute faith that this was so and recently endeavored to find the quintessential book on the subject. Knowing of Mr. Cayce's tremendous psychic following, I assumed this book would enlighten me and others. I excitedly bought a new copy for myself and sent another to a friend.After trudging through the first 68 pages, I felt lost and befuddled. The writing and text are difficult to follow and not at all in "layperson's" language.Perhaps this book is meant for an experienced psychic mind and intellect, one who understands the language and is willing to muddle through the long-winded case histories to discover meaning and relevance.My friend confessed she had read a mere chapter or two, then set it aside.Pie DumasAuthor & Life Coach 
0       What is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book -- which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel -- is not that Fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24.  Nope, the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced "The Great Gatsby" a mere five years later.         "This Side of Paradise" is a mess: it is as uneven, affected, feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero, the tiresomely self-conscious young Minnesotan-gone-to-Princeton Amory Blaine.  (One suspects, in fact, that had Fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as Amory's diary the result would have been considerably more readable -- or the book's structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable, at least.)       That the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 -- it was to prove the most popular book, in terms of sales, ever produced by its author -- presumably speaks to the public's recognition of something new and revealing in it.  Okay, Amory Blaine may well have been the original Jazz Age prototype; and the drinking and shameless smooching (etc.) that he and his prep school and Princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably, one can accept, a revelation to see in print (and likely a titillating one) for an American audience raised on McGuffy's Readers -- and ready for some sort of Great Departure after the Great War.  Welp, here it comes:       "On the Triangle trip Amory had come into constant contact with that great current American phenomenon, the `petting party.'       None of the Victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were Victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed." To the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is, of course, very small beer.  What was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now, in the best cases of the Paradise narrative, as unalarming quaintness. While this is not exactly Fitzgerald's "fault", so to speak, it is also true that the use of "shocking revelations" of this type -- scandals specific to a place and time -- represents a risk a writer takes: the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and/or universal in such episodes.  In any event, the price the reader pays here, in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds Amory's adventures in quaintness during the nascent Roaring Twenties, is very, very high for payoffs of such modest proportions.  I mean, come on: "For years afterward when Amory thought of Eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart.  The night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds, he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it.  Eleanor was, say, the last time evil crept close to Amory under the mask of beauty, the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes."Yikes.  I don't care what New Generation you're talking about, can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody?  (Can it represent ANYTHING to anybody?)       There are things to like, even admire, here and there in Paradise.  Fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark (e.g., "They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered." "Sometimes I wish I'd been an Englishman; American life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy." "It's better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes; they do it so much better.")  And the political incorrectness of some of the narrator's observations is, in its now-curious way, refreshingly, bracingly funny: "Slowly and inevitably, yet with a sudden surge at the last, while Amory talked and dreamed [which is about all Amory ever does-MHT], war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where Princeton played.  Every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings.  When Amory went to Washington the next weekend, he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the Pullman car coming back, for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-Greeks, he guessed, or Russians."Nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there's a war on, I always say.         Anyway, most of the novel consists of young Amory's elaborate ponderings -- romantic, philosophical and egotistical -- which are as forgivable as they are forgettable.  I've forgotten them already. At some level, in any case, Fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character -- who was, of course, a not-very-disguised version of himself.   For how else, if not as commendably self-deprecating irony, are we to take this observation? "Amory was in full stride, confident, nervous, and jubilant.  Scurrying back to Minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do, so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him, and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours."       In the end, in any event, one comes back to the initial Fitzgerald vs. Fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder.  In Paradise almost nothing works: form, content, narrative stance, dialogue, character development, pacing -- you name it, it's a problem.  Yet in Gatsby, five years later, everything works -- everything.  If there is to be a Great American Novel, it will have to supplant Gatsby for the honor.  While it is hard to see how Fitzgerald got from point A to point B, the fact is that he did -- and without point A the journey could not have begun. So while "This Side of Paradise" hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon, it surely deserves our respect, and indeed our gratitude, for what it led to. 
0 In the chapter about South Asia, the authors have written quite a lot about the &quot;Kashmir problem&quot; but not once have they mentioned the ethnic cleasing of 350,000 Kashmiri Hindus that took place in 1990. I just cannot believe that they don't know about this 
0 I was hoping the book would be good.  most reviews are.  However the topics are not really covered at all, more introduced.  It was like talking to a drunk bloke about sports, most points are important and relevant but its presented in a way that makes it confusing.  They openly admit they dont want the book to be rated on the quality of the english.  Just as well, long rambling thaughts that don't form conclusions.  Not what I wanted or needed.  It actually manages to take the fun out of reading and texas holdem all in one go 
0 I enjoy reading sports fiction with my 10 year old son.  The descriptions of this book suggested it addressed important themes which transcended basketball.  However, as I read the book, I found the treatment of those  themes quite superficial.  In addition the book was bawdy.  While it may  accurately reflect locker room mentality,  many readers may not find that  mentality entertaining.  It is not an appropriate book for children 
0 I bought this recording with high hopes.  What better complement to reading Shakespeare than hearing him, right?  Well, not with this recording.  The cast is made up of &quot;distinguished actors,&quot; the insert proclaims, but it's obvious that these actors haven't done Shakespeare since they were in junior high school.  Nor have they improved since then: none of the actors has any feel for the Shakespearean line.  The speaking is stiff and mechanical, and half the time it sounds like a Monty Python farce!  When there are no visual effects to distract us, low-quality acting really sticks out.  For audio recordings, you need the best voices.  Too bad Arkangel didn't realize this.  My advice?  Grind up these CDs and use them to fertilize your nasturtiums 
0 I don't really understand all the reviews about Sun Tzu's work. People saying that this one or that one is closer to the original; are there really that many experts in ancient Chinese out there. How can anyone say which is the best translation unless they are personally familiar with the original, in the original Chinese, and if that the case they should write their own version 
0 In the commencement Mr. Utterson and his cousin Mr. Richard Enfield were walking throughout London. The men go by a mysterious cellar door, and then Mr. Enfield talked about a story that ensue here previously. Also later in the book Utterson work to help Dr. Jekyll from being brung into the ghastly tribulations of Mr. Hydes. One year later, Edward Hyde viciously murders Sir Danvers Carew by thrashing him to death with a cane. I did not like this book because it was a high level booklover so I could not concentrate. I'd propose this book for high scholar for that reason, and if you're a person who reads allot. The genre was good because it was sci-fi and it seems sci-fi is a little more addicting. The author is a pretty well known writer his name is Robert Louis Stevenson. 
0 I have listened to a bunch of Dean Koontz books. While listening to the second one I saw so many similarities, which really turned me off. And this flaw continued which each book I listen to, which caused me to be reluctant to buy this book. However, most of the stories were pretty good so I stuck with him.  This is not the case with this book.  "Cold Fire" is absolutely horrible.  I so regret purchasing this book.  It is so bad that I have decided to swear off Dean for looooooooong while.Just on a side note, "The Bad Place" is the first DK book I read and it was very entertaining. 
0 This book refers to philosophical basis of Buddhist practices as well as technical clasification of the states to be reached into meditative absortion. It is not a manual nor a guide. No Meditation techniques nor yoga excersises can be found on the book. the style is simbolic and poetical. it is an interesting book but the name does not reflect the content. It will be interesting for people more inclined to scholarly work 
0 I did not like the book Adam of the road because it tells you a whole bunch of stuff about the characters before it gets to the story and by the time you get to the story you forget about the characters. I also did not like the fact that the book talks weird and it says like thou father I shall bla bla bla 
0 I read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of "The Hours."  If that's your motivation, don't waste your time.  My English teachers will cringe when I say it, but this book, well, sucks. It may well be great literature, but the characters are not engaging, and if it was Woolf's motive to out-do James Joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative, she doesn't pull it off.  Again, the characters and the internal mental life simply don't have the power that "Ulysses" has.  Reading Woolf is necessary for a good eduction.  I recommend, however, that you read "To the Lighthouse". I may still be motivated to read the book version of "The Hours" given how great the movie was.  But my taste for Woolf is all done now.   
0 This book is not about India or Indians.  Shallow characters.  Non existant plot.  A dismal end to a not terrible beginning.  Unlike one of the other reviewers, I was unlucky enough to buy this book - what a waste 
0 I'm perhaps the only Steinbeck lover not to have yet read "Grapes of Wrath" or "East of Eden."  Instead I have focused on "Of Mice and Men" and his lesser known works, such as "To a God Unknown" and, my personal favorite, "Pastures of Heaven."  I've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular.When I began reading "In Dubious Battle," it appeared the most engaging of all Steinbeck's work.  Telling the story of American Communist party workers Jim and Mac, it begins with the story of hardscrabble Jim initiating himself into Mac's radical cell.  There is a great (and misleading) sense of intrigue - Mac and Jim travel by boxcar, work secretly through letters, go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers.  Early on, the pace is fast, exciting, and engaging.Suddenly, Steinbeck simply fails to deliver, leaving the reader wondering when he's going to pick up the pace again.  After Jim and Mac slowly initiate a worker's strike, I expected the sense of excitement to continue.  It simply never does.Summary of "In Dubious Battle" - Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.The rest of the book mostly concerns Jim and Mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking.  And while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first, they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book.  Most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration, and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense......and eating.  Steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story, because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding, eating, and (worst of all) TALKING about food.  There is plenty of action that Steinbeck could have shown during the story, but for some reason he prefers to focus on Jim and Mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment, discussing whatever comes to mind.Steinbeck's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters.  But I advise any reader of "In Dubious Battle" to take this course - after the strike is initiated, simply set the book down.  You won't miss anything.  Nothing of great import happens, and only a very few memorable characters ever surface, and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces.I suppose now I'll give "Grapes of Wrath" a go.  Perhaps if it isn't one of his "greats," it isn't worth reading 
0 The instruction manual in EQ2 is quite addiquate regardless of class. Things you are not sure of are learned as you go or you can post on numerous forums for answers.Since there are stats on top of stats and such vast areas with tons and tons of resources and itesm to be had, this book helps you get an idea of the "where" and "what". As in where you may find X or what Y actually does and realated stats. Its a reference guide. But as this game is so dynamic, this book has a limited lifspan and as you develop in the world you will find it to be "old news" rather quickly 
0 I couldn't finish this book after readng "Fairytale."  Misfit insecure Caucasian male falls for Asian stripper/prostitute after she listens to him talk about the odor of his sweat in the outdoor markets.  I thought possibly this story reveals a lot about Olen Butler.  He wrote about this relationship with such relish, he sounds to me like a P.C. Caucasian who is drawn in patronizing fashion to the "otherness" of Asian people and doesn't see them for what they are, just wants them to appreciate big strong white man.  I thought it interesting that in the story the woman never mentions to the man that she already has a young son living with her mother.  So she was not honest with him.  But Olen Butler wrote about her as if this stripper/pros. was wonderful, the kind of wife any man would want.  I shook my head and thought, "You have issues."  Probably if she were Caucasian he would not want to get near her for fear of catching something.  After this the other stories just did not appeal to me 
0 I am Vietnamese and I grew up in New Orleans during the 80's and 90's when the first waves were settling down there.  I hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written.  Like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about, the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people.  The Vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards, uneducated, and simple.  Further, the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success. If you actually grew up in New Orleans during the time that the Vietnamese Americans were setting root during the 80's and 90's, you would know that by and large, the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful.  No real Vietnamese American thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book.  I repeat - no Vietnamese American thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book.  The book repeats many of the fallacies that I have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about East Asian Culture.  There always seems to be 1) an asian prostitute 2) caucasian guy with asian bride 3) asian male in an emasculated role 4) asian people as backwards and simple.  Quite sad.  This book reminds me quite a bit of Memoirs of a Geisha, though that portrayed Japanese culture in a better light.  By the way, the lady on which "Memoirs of a Geisha" is based and written about was quite upset at the author of Memoirs of a Geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all.  Regardless, if you really want to find out about the Vietnamese American experience you should really read a book written by a Vietnamese American 
0 Ok, this book IS funny, THE FIRST TIME YOU LOOK THROUGH IT!!! Overall, i would not recomend this book because it's one of those books, that you'll just look through one time, and one time only! Yeah....there are a lot of positions, but they are all repeated in the book like five times, with different names! And another thing, there are a lot of positions that are not even posible, and some only with a giant swing, or how about a horizantal or verticle pole...yeah many people have those in their houses. BUT SERIOUSLY, THE ONLY POSITIONS THAT YOU'LL BE ABLE TO DO, ARE THE ONES THAT YOU KNOW ALREADY! ! 
0 terrib 
0 Filled with bizarre generalizations, and the most pretentious phraseology I've seen in years, this book has the dubious honor of spotlighting all that has gone wrong in academic research in this country in the last 20  years.  Jodi Dean shows an appalling lack of understanding of the workings  of culture, history, politics, or even writing style.  It seems she should  have spent more time with Turabian's Manual for Writers, than surfing the  web or watching Sienfeld 
0 This is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author.  The book is poorly researched, poorly written and, well, words just fail me.  While I am not a great Herriot fan, I do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story (isn't that what authors are suppose to do?) but this guy Graham Lord, I suspect, has problems feeding paper into his typewriter!  The intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a &quot;dead&quot; and popular author, it is rather nauseating.  Shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work!  I did finish the book though (thank God I did not purchase the thing) because each page became worse and worse and I could not stop, thinking with each turn of the page &quot;well it just cannot be any worse than that last page/chapter.&quot;  How wrong I was!  If you must read the thing, borrow it or check it out of a library.  I would hate to see a person waste their money, and I certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this.  Herriot's life, warts and all, could be such a fastinating subject.  I do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually.  We certainly did not get it here 
0 While "Talk to the Hand" is inescapably mediocre in comparison to "Eats, Shoots & Leaves", a book I found amusing, though not up-to-par to its New York Times Bestseller status, this book does have its moments. However, I was uterrly bloody appalled at the rudeness of Lynne Truss in presuming to make a comment that, despite whatever way she meant it, ended up sounding like she thought gluten intolerance was a choice. I find it interesting that she, or at least her editors, did not further investigate the disease (which, indeed, gluten tolerance is) before publishing such a degrading remark. Oh, yes, bloody well sorry, Ms. Truss, for invading your rude, stay-home-and-bolt-the-door causitive world with yet another irritation which, I'm sure, someone created just so you would have to sit in a restaurant and listen to someone else get special treatment for a fad diet. Let's just go and, well, obliterate a genetic disorder! While we're at it, we might as well just make the lactose intolerant drink milk. If it pleases and thanks you, Ms. Truss, we celiacs will eat cake. (Oh, bloody hell, did I just say "please"?)Despite the fact that Lynne Truss makes this world out to be such a horribly rude place, I have to wonder if she's experiencing the effects of projection. In explaining how rude we humans are, it was necessary for her to be quite rude, as well. It is not simply the celiac remark to which I refer: I also found her supermarket incident, in which a kid shouts at his mother, "I want that one, YOU EFFING BITCH!", among others, a bit offensive.As a member of both the gluten intolerant community and the younger generation so responsible for this rudeness, I was often thoroughly appalled by this book. No, my friends and I don't usually hold doors for each other, but, in general, I thank and get thanked in return for a money lend or a coffee downtown. Frankly, I find myself more often in the perpetual motion of manners with my friends, as well as strangers, than in a cycle of rudeness which includes swearing for the sake of swearing and no regard for others. I can safely say that all of my friends ignore their cell phones if we are having a conversation, or, if they must answer, they apologize profusely before going outside to talk so they do not offend the people around them.I have to argue that we are not a select group. In today's world, one sees what one expects to see; one is treated as one expects to be treated. Ms. Truss, I believe, would find that perahps if she simply lowered her expectations slightly and gave out all the respect she possibly could, she would be surprised to find that, when people are rude, she cares less because she knows that she, at least, is doing her best not to be. If she did this, maybe she would be less likely to jump all over people who are rude because she would not be so worried about her own behavior.My last complaint is this: "gluten crap"? You would think that such a sophisticated, eloquent (as she is dedicated to proving) person as Lynne Truss would have been able to find a better word to describe gluten than the third-year, am-I-not-so-cool-and-bitchin' (?) style word "crap. 
0 There is only one 100% whole grain bread recipe in this book.  Most of them are less than 50% whole grain.  If you want healthy bread recipes try "Breadtime" by Cheney or "The Laurel's Kitchen Bread Book" by Robertson.  Every recipe in both of those books is 100% whole grain.  I doubt that most people considering a book titled "Whole Grain Breads..." are looking for recipes that contain just a small portion of whole grain ingredients.  With that being said I thought the book had some good recipes and was well written.  Therefore, I am willing to give it 2 stars as opposed to none.  
0 This book sucked because its like an autobiography of some idiot who knew nothing about what he was doing...his book is mostly life-stories...and stupid ones at that...some teeter the line of racism, he emphasizes attempting to hex some evil "fat black woman" and he demonizes some other young brothers later on in the book, i see most of the reviewers overlooked the fact that this guy was kind of out of line with his emphasis on "race". And besides that, his 2 or 3 spells and such are old and tired...and there is no "self-initiation" for the type of Voodoo he's talking about...i am sorry but this book was a waste of time and money, i came away from this little book knowing not one single solitary grain of anything worth knowing. If you looking to learn about Voodoo or Vodun this book will not help. His title is also misleading because "Voodoo" ussually refers to Hoodoo and "Vodun" ussually refers to the religion but this author isnt talking about either one....he's just running his mouth on and on and on as if his life-experiences are even worth tellin.This book is a great example to why people of a foriegn back-ground to African based religions should not write books about it as if they could really know but so much.....this was a terrible book that this sorry author made about a system he obviously knows nothing about 
0 I was disappointed in this book.  The art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a TV Craft Show.   I would instead recomment Robert Wade's watercolor book.     
0 Rosalind Krauss' theories have some merits, and if you are looking at a book that will drive you up the wall the entire time shouting at it-- read this. I would never allow my grad students to read this dribble 
0 While this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses, I cannot recommend it to other readers. The author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-Republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical Christianity. She battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all Bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel. Indeed, in reading some of the chapters, it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a Christian worldview that might veer in any part from Republican platform positions. This is really too bad, because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions. I would not have begrudged her political point of view at all, had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position 
0 Book goes over a lot of information in a very short time, but not much of that information is worth anything unless you're building a circle-track or drag car. Took the hit and ordered Stanforth's Competition Car Suspension 
0 Reading through John Irving's "The Cider House Rules," I found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity. In obtaining a bachelor's degree in English, I had to read a lot of books. Among them were many books that I did not like, but never before had I read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety. Every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along. People become pregnant, have abortions, and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens. This goes way beyond mere foreshadowing. The book doesn't flow naturally, you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows, playing the puppet master. There are just so many coincidences, so many old friends just happening to run into eachother, so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly, all of the characters vaguely, distantly connected to eachother. I don't want to spoil the plot, but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the Eames (rhymes with screams) family is just too much coincidence to bear. It's as though the author is God, and the characters completely lack free will.And then there's the "protagonist," Homer Wells. I put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story, Homer Wells barely does anything in the story. He barely even speaks during the story. He is virtually a non-character, devoid of personality or will, around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve. The scenes that do not involve Homer Wells at all, and they make up the majority of the book, are without fail the most interesting scenes. I think that the real protagonist of the book is Dr. Larch, but even Melony seems more real than Homer does. The story is very long and rambling. Subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on. Minor characters keep popping into the story, then disappearing, only to pop back into the story exactly when they're needed. Conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten (like the situation with Debra Pettigrew). After such a rambling, at times rather boring plot, the ending feels rather rushed. It is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything, tie up every loose end, in the last 25 pages (and tying up loose ends, in this case, means a lot of people conveniently dying). To spoil the plot just a little, Homer Wells, who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul, suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion. I personally am pro-choice as well, but I found that Homer's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters 
0 I'm a Wiccan who formally practices within a traditional Gardnerian coven, but practices eclectically within my private practice. I read this book because I had heard that it was recommended to my local library by a Christian; purportedly, Wicca's Charm was written by an impartial writer. Immediately, you realize that this isn't true. Catherine Sanders has a clearly stated agenda: that Wiccans are simply misguided and  misunderstand that what they long for is offered by Christianity. I could write a long review debating the merits of Sanders' arguments. Instead, I suggest that you consider this if deciding whether to read this book which Sanders claims to have thoroughly researched. She relies on the writings of Margot Adler, Carol Christ, Starhawk and Phyllis Curott (with barely a nod to Scott Cunningham and Ronald Hutton) to draw many of her conclusions. Yet, missing from her notes are such writers as the Farrars, Merlin Stone, Raymond Buckland, Isaac Bonewits, Patricia Crowley, and the Matthews, to name just a few outstanding contributors to Neopaganism's base of knowledge. Too often, Sanders relies on the statements of young Wiccans she interviewed who come across as silly and naive. In another case, she bases her thesis that women's spirituality (e.g., Goddess worship)is misguided and that Christianity fits the same spiritual needs that women are seeking via ONE speech that she heard Margot Adler give shortly after 9/11. Sanders requests both Christians and Neopagans to read her book with an open mind. A fair request. But as you're reading, closely check out her endnotes and analyze for yourself if this book was truly researched with objectivity in mind, or whether Sanders limited herself to sources that would support her belief that Christianity has everything that a Wiccan desires. One needs to go no further than to consider that as Sanders attempts to persuade the reader that Christianity has always embraced the value of women that not once does she analyze the epistles of Paul. 
0 I enjoyed the parts regarding the S.S. Valiant, but the later part of the book simply didn't work for me. Except for Picard, who we of course know quite well from the series, the other characters were flat and uninteresting. We never find out what is motivating the alien attackers and they are the cardboard cutout enemy-of-the-week, boring. The whole &quot;adversarial&quot; situation with the 1st Officer also just struck me as odd and wrong, and was just not developed correctly or fleshed out beyond being another cardboard enemy for Picard 
0 I'm an electrical engineer and in the Telecomm buisness. I've read a lot of books on communications and this has to be one of the worst, luckily I didn't pay for it. The writing is poor and it doesn't commuicate ideas clearly. There is better books out there on the exact same subject 
0 I was very disapointed with this book. It's a large volume of just opinions. The profile is somewhat useful, about 20 pages of good stuff, but the rest could be trashed 
0 It's disturbing to see how many mistakes I found just browsing through this colorful, attractive book.  Though the state bird of Alabama is known locally as "yellowhammer," you will not find that name in any field guide!  The accompanying picture was no help either in identifying what turned out to be the Common Flicker. Other state birds were listed by uncommon, incorrect, misleading names too.The 1995 bombing in Oklahoma City is represented by a nice picture and writeup, but with a glaring misspelling in its headline--"In Memorium" should be "In Memoriam."  Claremore, OK is misspelled as "Clarmore" on the map.These errors leaped out at me just flipping through the pages.  This is very disappointing and makes me wonder what other misinformation this book contains.  Adults have some knowledge and experience against which to measure what they read; schoolchildren who may be learning facts for the first time need the facts to be correct 
0 This book is a small bundle of common knowledge wrapped up in an insulting amount of hyperbole and hucksterism (and very bad English).  Just how many times can you claim a technique will improve your workouts "by a factor of ten" or is the most valuable breakthrough "in history" before you lose all credibility?In the first 30 pages, winnowing out the fluff, I read this:1) Fad diets, bulimia, and steroids are bad for you.2) Gaining muscle and losing fat are biologically distinct processes, so they require two classes of exercises.3) It's good to concentrate your attention on the particular muscles you are using during weight-training routine.4) Creative visualization and self-hypnosis can help you reach your goals.  (OK, I'm a bit skeptical about this one.)In other words, this book has taught me nothing of value that I didn't already know.  Looking ahead in the index, I can see much more of the same.  I'm afraid I've been had.I bought this book on the strength of Amazon reader recommendations.  Please don't make the same mistake.  Look, to gain muscle, lift weights every other day and eat lots of protein; to lose fat, do cardio on off days and watch your total calories.  If you're already doing those things, don't bother with this book.  I was looking for more specific tips, but I didn't find them here, and neither will you 
0 I worked with the author in the Narcotics Section of the Chicago Police Department.  Please do not let the author's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the Chicago Police Department and the men and women who serve proudly.  The author claims that the Narcotics Section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline.  I think not.  He thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage.  All we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first.  If the author thinks that only the Commander of the Narcotics Section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis, he is dead wrong.  We all were.  If you read this book, please do not indict all of us because of one person's jaded stories.   
0 Let me say right off the bat, I am a skeptic, but still I loved author Gary Goldschneider's first two books from this series: the Secret Language of Birthdays and the SL of Relationships.  But this one, THE SECRET LANGUAGE OF DESTINY is a bore.Rather than offering two pages to each birth date, as Birthdays did, or a half of a page as Relationship did, this book gives the reader a short 1/4 page paragraph that allegedly sums up the destiny of those born in each of the 48 personology periods. This information is so general and by the way so boring that it could relate to anyone if in fact you don't fall asleep reading it.For this reason, I do not recommend THE SECRET LANGUAGE OF DESTINY. -- Regina McMenami 
0 The author dwells too much on knife fighting rather than the knives.  I found the book to be a disappointment 
0 There are plenty of math manipulatives besides a brand-name chocolate for children to use to have fun solving math problems.  How about carrot or celery sticks that they can dip in nutritious yougurt? M & Ms have their own math book too.  Why hook children on this commercialism when there are so many healthy alternatives 
0   Great book, of course, but for this edition Oxford used a computer to justify the  type. On every other line you encounter three or four spaces   where there should be  only one. It may not bother most readers, but I'm looking for another    publisher's edition 
0 Ms Milton admits to her anger at humanistic psychology, so she attacks without understanding.  She does not seem to grasp even some of the basic concepts of the people's work she denigrates.  Maslow's hierarchy of needs is one example. I have spent a great deal pf time studding humanistic psychology and writings.  I have had the pleasure of being trained in group therapy with Carl Rogers, and William Coulson as instructors. Any one who really studies these writers will see how bad a job Ms Milton did presenting them.  She should have let her anger subside before she wrote the book.  Her bias is extreme and obvious. So consider this when reading the book.  No doubt Ms Milton will have a new career appearing on the conservative religious programs.  I am sure Pat Robinson and Jerry Falwell have or will book her to speak out against the evils of humanistic psychology 
0 The author is reusing a similar plot device than in "Twisted":  a somewhat obscure reference material that shows up late in the book and clarifies everything. That is a poor strategy for a mystery novel, because the reader expects to be given clues so as to be involved in the logical process of solving the crimes.The narrative in general is not Kellerman at his best, either. The characterizations are so shallow that one wonders all the time why the characters act like they do. A small part of the book talks about Brazil, and Kellerman simply invents a couple of Portuguese words making them sound Spanish:  ("favilla", "favillitos"). One wonders how much of the author's research is similarly fictional.In sum, a book carelessly executed 
0 The author of this book, Warren Wagar, is apparently a professor of "Future Studies." I certainly hope he has long been fired from that post. "A Short History of the Future" was  written in 1989, but the writer is so ignorant of politics, and so WRONG, to be blunt, it reads as if it was written in the 1940's. Orwell's 1984 is more on the mark than this. He shows barely any creativity in his "predictions" and clearly was barely even aware of much of the contemporary political developments of his time. The fact that he assumes the Soviet Union will continue plodding along well into the 21st Century is incredibly naive. The fact that he assumes the nation's socialist economy system would survive equally long is similarly bizarre. Did he read the newspapers? Did he pay ANY attention to that Gorbachev fellow and the path he was bringing Russia down? And honestly, did anyone really expect that Germany would remain divided into two states until time immortal?  Or that Latin America and Africa would remain dictatorships forever? Or that black rule in South Africa would not occur until 2014?If this book had been written 30 or 40 ago, it would be excusable. This book is just sloppy. He doesn't even do a good job describing how his corporations take over the world. Everything is just described in these overly flowery sweeping generalizations. Like "and then the capital lords seized control of the governments and made the state wither like an autumn rose." That sort of thing. The author is clearly an "ivory tower" academic who believes history can be predicted sorely through dry Marxist theory and analyzing dubious vague "trends." The fact that this book became horribly dated something like three years after it was published is quite a strong indictment of a man whose entire job was devoted to predicting the future.   
0 Reading this book ten years after it was written made it very hard to get into it. For one thing, the author still talks about the USSR and East Germany, and those countries faded away so long ago that the whole book seems dated. It's hard to suspend disbelief and imagine this book was really written far in the future. 
0 I have reviewed all 31 chapters of psycho-babble in the book (and the epilogue too).A very "nice" read. Indeed entertaining and yes, funny in many ways. They also use doubtfull suggestions -  like bringing "doughnuts" because people like them !?They also "demystify" some "myths" about teamwork. (I do not know where they got those Myths from) - another fragment of their imagination, I suppose.This "business" book is more of a "romantic novel" about something relating to "teams", full of anecdotal references (very life-like) - but totally unsubstantiated, wanting us to "believe" that indeed, "teams things" are like they describe it.From an entertaining point of view - very. From an academic point of view - null. For a business person - if you have time to waist, have fun.It is interesting to note that they got a UK award for their book. (for entertaining I suppose). I guess this is a way of promoting the book. Good marketing technique. 
0 Disappointed. As an English teacher, I expected a more compelling and less hokey use of Whitman.  The first story, of the deformed Whitman loving boy, was utterly unbelievable and the continuity was incredibly challenging 
0 I purchased this commentary for an in-depth study that I was doing on Wednesday evenings.  I carefully checked a bunch of commentaries on Amazon, hoping to find the one that would help me with insights that I could share in the study.Unfortunately, this volume hasn't lived up to my hopes.  I didn't need something that would offer the obvious points (I can do that myself).  I was hoping for something that would offer insights into some of the more difficult and confusing passages, including thoughts on how those passages apply to our lives today.  I've been disappointed.  I am now well into the study and rarely even check the book anymore as I'm gathering information.I was between this one and the Carson commentary.  Obviously, I think I made the wrong decision.  (Not that there's anything theologically wrong in the text - it's just not what I was hoping for. 
0 I was optimistic when I saw the title, but you know that old saying, "Don't judge a book by its cover."The author has a FEW legitimate ideas, but any google search could come up with the same information in greater depth and better accuracy.  She condemns saving animals from shelters and actually encourages people to breed animals to increase the pet population.  She is no more a pet lover than I am a supermodel.  Her ideas are based solely on MONEY.  Even if it encourages starting a puppy mill (euphemistically referred to as a dog breeder).  Early in her book she mentions the titles of a few other books she recommends (I have chosen not to seek them out), but she says don't spend your money on them, just go to the library and check them out.  If you insist on reading this book I give you the same advice.  DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK--CHECK IT OUT FROM YOUR LOCAL LIBRARY!  Then do google searches to get more in-depth, accurate information about any of the four decent ideas she did have, or come back to amazon.com and find a more specific book that can actually be of use.Oh, and by the way, the world is already overpopulated with unwanted pets.  Encouraging people to add to the problem is morally reprehensible 
0 I have always been a prolific reader and rarely do I come across a book for which I can find no value, no redeeming qualities. But I must extend a hearty congratulations to Julia Barrett for writing the most astounding piece of horse excrement I have ever had the misfourtune to purchace. Teachiing my cat to walk repeatedly over my keyboard would produce a work of more sense. If you are like me and just have to read it - just because you're obsessed with Austen - Buy it used for 45 cents and then burn it 
0 A little about golf and 'inside the PGA tour'... Plenty of gratuitous language 'n ornery Texans... Mostly about Dan Jenkins' views on relationships with women... Forced a couple laughs 
0 Other reviews have homed in on the frequent nit-picking and general vindictiveness of this book.  I agree with these criticisms, but I'm not going to revisit them here.  The deeper problem lies with the Ayn Rand Institute, which only gives scholarly access to persons guaranteed to toe ARI's party line.  As long as the Ayn Rand Institute refuses full, unconditional scholarly access to Miss Rand's papers, any biographical efforts produced under their aegis will not be taken seriously by anyone who respects proper academic practice.  Nor should they be.  
0 I do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment. But I simply cannot stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it. This is called censorship, and it gives me the creeps. As a parent, I have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children. So to realise that somebody has been cheating on me, trying to do my job so that I did not have to explain how society has evolved, how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud. this review is about the Harper collins Edition , edited by Patricia C. and Frederick L. McKissak, illustrated by Michael Hague 
0 I am proud of the fact that I hold two degrees like many women. Do I work? No. I have chosen a different path. I have no children, married later in life, and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband. Do I feel that I have no confidence nor respect? No.And from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from?  Caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this. I admire women who stay home to care for their families. When you have love, who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks. Personally, I find this book a little depressing, and I won't read it 
0 Let's face it--if you want to get a non-fiction self help type book published and sold today, you better have a completely original idea--or make it controversial and provacative.  I would hope that Ms. Bennetts' opinions are written for this purpose since they are so extreme.I am a college educated stay at home mom of two small boys.  I am proud to be doing that and to be defering to my husband to support me/us financially in this mutual decision.  I feel it's a personal decision to stay home and try not to be judgemental of others, but to me there is no career worth giving up taking them and picking them up from school everyday, helping in their class, having simple chats after school, and most important being very present in their young lives.Does that mean I'm sitting back fat, dumb and happy, expecting 100% to live the fairy tale so I can turn stupid and dependent on him for my every need?  Of course not.  Our relationship is solid, his job is as stable as one can be, we have good life insurance and a lot of it. Here's an important one--we live within our means!  We don't have two leased cars and a house we can't afford. In addition, while I have "given up" my career to raise my kids full time, I have a lot of skills, drive, and no doubt that in that worst case scenario I could provide an income when and if I need to.I CERTAINLY would hope no one would give up the opportunity to stay home because of these so called realistic fears.  Look, if you want to be a working mom by choice--knock yourself out.  But don't look for excuses to justify it to yourself and others by saying you're doing it in case of the worst.  THAT would be a bigger "feminine" mistake 
0 This book is poorly written and even more poorly edited. The back cover states ... "every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out." It is a great statement, but it is unfortunately not true.Page 6: "So what formats can a script be saved as? There are three main kinds of script files: regular compiled script, which is the native AppleScript file format, and scripts saved as plain text or as applications. On top of that, OS X added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called "bundle." Bundles are folders that appear and behave as files. You can read about them in Chapter 23." - I guess bundle is not a "main" format? Why is there a distinction between main formats and, for lack of a better term, minor formats? I have no idea. Page 35: "Every class has a super class."Page 40: "We saw that objects belong to classes, and classes may have subclasses and super classes." - Which sentence is correct?Page 43: "When you work with an application that doesn't support the whose clause, you have to settle for slower, clumsier repeat loops." - Repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book. There is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in Chapter 11, pages 321-343.I wanted to like this book, but I do not. I look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book, because it does have potential to be great. However the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
0 I was looking for a book to make elegant, simple and practical bags.  This book has is all feathers and beads, nothing that I would ever give to someone as a gift!  I was very disappointed.  
0 While I only am a little over half way through this book, I'm finding myself hating Will.  He's pathetic and boring and not at all a character that I can cheer for.  This book has been a tedious read overall.  I keep pushing through because I feel like it has to get better, yet so far it has not.  I'm happy that I checked this out from the library, so that I can return it and not have it collect dust on MY shelves.  The only reason why I'm even writing a review is that I'm so shocked about all the positive comments this book has received thus far.  I looked on Amazon to see if my thoughts were shared by others; I'm surprised that they are not.  I usually like this genre of fiction, but in terms of this book all it is is a bunch of whining and self-loathing 
0 I don't know why it won the National Book Award.  This book is very slow, &amp; very boring.  Where is the action?  I forced myself to finish it 
0 This is a tough read.  He gets so bogged down in the details that I forgot what I was reading about 
0 The author really just could not hook me.  A lot about food but not sure what else 
0 this joke book suks. if i can give it any star i want, i would give it a -10 stars. i never actually bought it, but i borrowed it from a friend. i needed a joke book for my anouncements on the intercom every morning, and it only lasted 3 days and i ran out of good jokes. some of the jokes arnt appropriate and most of them dont make sense. if your gonna buy a joke book, dont buy this 
0 Had long looked forward to finally reading this "acclaimed" novel.There are brilliant and imaginative highlights in the book, although finding those bits is like looking for light in a black hole , a lot of work for very little result. I truly believe this is a book that would be more interesting if one increased their medication level way past the recommended daily dosage. Mark 
0 Crudely written. A negative hero deserves better and Wharton has written some fine books. Sadly, not this one. 
0 Does not show you techniques rather it just shows pictures!  After buying this book- I was very disappointed since I thought it will show me makeup tips and tricks, rather it just shows displays of women's faces.  You will waste your money on purchasing this book 
0 I picked this book up a couple days ago with a few others, hoping to learn about America's prison system.  I think our prison system is horrible and I was hoping that this book would give me some more information on the topic.  Unfortunately, in the first twenty pages of the book, Elsner claims that America imprisons 704 people per every 10,000 citizens.  If you do the math, that equals 7% of our population. 7% of our population is greater than the population of the State of New York.  According to this author, there are more people in prison in this country than live in the State of New York. Before you get too worried, let me reassure you that this is not the case.  America imprisons 736 people per *100,000* citizens (as of 5/06), or .736% of the population.  This is the highest rate in the entire world, so there's no need to move the decimal point to make it seem more dramatic. For comparison, Stalin had .771% of his citizens imprisoned in the Gulags during the height of the Purges.  Again, there's really no need to exaggerate America's rate of incarceration. What disappoints me is that this error is not simply a typo on one page, but is repeated several times.  Apparently the author actually believes we imprison 7% of our population, and the editors at Prentice Hall think that makes sense as well, as do all the luminaries who glowingly endorsed this book on the back cover. Personally, I can't take anything this author says seriously if there are errors so blatant a novice in the subject can them pick out, on the first twenty pages no less.  If a subject as basic as prison population is exaggerated by a power of 10, how do we know the rest of the book isn't off by a power of 10? Elsner makes prison reform advocates look like the bunch of uninformed dreamers conservatives like to imagine.  Don't buy this book 
0   I m not a big fan of communism, nor of Stalin. But I cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books I have read on similar subject and found that author Edvard Radzinsky is strongly biased against Stalin. In the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to Stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of Second World War. Dont waste your money on a propaganda book. Better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer, thats what Biographies are supposed to be 
0 I wanted to like this book but was very disappointed that all it included was a mish mash of Vanity Fair articles from 1990-2002 with follow up paragraphs that appear to be right out of People magazine 
0 Do you know how clever Alan Trachtenberg is?  I mean, do you really, really know?! Because if not, this book is for you.  Trachtenberg's book is only superficially about Indians or Americans, it is about the obscure conections he can draw between unrelated things--because he is very clever, you know. In so far as this book has a thesis, that it is it 
0 From a sociological perspective, Hustlers, Beats , and others serves what it set out to do, explore the sociological aspects of billiards in America and the culture that has accompained it through time. However with the  recent boom of billiards into mainstram american society, many of his  observations and conclusions are dated if  not false. Te book just goes to  many places, crime, pornography, etc. and fails what it set out to  originally acomplish. Furthermore, I find it quite unusal that the author  chooses to contend a great deal of current ideologies toward billiards . Is  this not a sociological perspective, or an historical editorial.As a  college student, and a sociology major, the author fails to win my support  from his argument. All in all, quite disapointing as I found it at my local  bookstore and the cover looked interesting. I was left with a feeling of  disappointment when I finished this book, as it completely crushed many of  the idealization and ideologies and norms that are associated to theculture  of billiards. Stick with the sociology, cut the editoria 
0 Imposible to do so with no item received 
0 One tiresome, heavy-handed simile after another; agonizing, descriptive detail that unnecessarily prolongs action; simplistic, trite phrasing and dialogue -- characters constantly express vague but contradictory emotions in the same sentence, an obvious effort by the author to provoke interest or conflict which falls flat; routine characterization; a sentence or two slipped in during a scene or an unexpected circumstance placed at the end of a chapter meant to build plot and suspense read as forced and predictable; proofreading errors; fragmented, poor sentence structure -- this book is amateurish writing all the way around.  I cannot fathom the reasoning for the quality of the professional reviews which this work received.  I cannot understand the lack of proper editing.  I am an avid reader and approached this book with much enthusiasm, so imagine my disappointment when I was ready to put the book down a couple of pages into the Prologue!  In fairness to the author (and with a hopeful attitude), I forced myself through the first 70 or so pages, however with each turning page I found myself reading along just for sport, my mind constantly drifting and more and more incredulous (and annoyed) with this juvenile effort. What could have been a fascinating read due to the intriguing premise is instead a colossal waste of time.  
0 I'm trying to figure out what the appropriate subtitle for this book should be and I can't decide among the following:    * Travels Through Guilt with the World's 33rd Richest Hippie    * The Mind of an Empty Suit    * A Self-Important Revisionist History    * How I Learned to Hate Myself and Love the Third World    * Memoirs of a Cold War PaperpusherConfessions of an Economic Hitman by John Perkins is an exclamation point riddled history of a few financial manipulations of the Cold War by a man who had no stake in his own ambition.The first thing you notice about this account is that it is written by a man who thinks he was sitting on top of the world, when in fact he was just a cog in the energy industry. If you are credulous enough to believe that the debts and revenues associated with the energy business is indeed the core principle of the global economy, then the moral outrage of this book makes sense. But there's a whole lot to swallow.On the plus side, it's a fast and somewhat entertaining read. Otherwise it is a exercise in the slow revelations of a kind of self-loathing that takes about 20 years to surface.One of the things that I've had in mind as I was reading this screed was the sense of geography as destiny. As I look at the 20th Century, I think of most of it focused on the economics of . Perkins was one of the people who made the truth a narrative of economic exploitation. He falls in love with Socialist charismatics in Latin America, rues the lives of poor peasants, and bemoans the basic nature of corporate capitalism without ever acknowledging or even understanding the basic nature of socialism.Perkins is a perfect example of a cultural relativist. a perceptive reader can see how much he hates his hometown and parents and idolizes romantic ideals associated with revolutionary rhetoric. But you can't imagine that he even had the temerity to read Marx, Weber, Engles, Friere or anyone. Back when I was a bit more blackified, I referred to such people as culture vultures. If it's indigenous, it's good. But you'll never see him once talk about infant mortality statistics, literacy rates, crime rates or even inflation.I discovered a bit too late that this book would teach me nothing about the business of foreign direct investment or the workings of the World Bank except that he saw it as evil. Technically, you'll get a great deal more insight reading Wikipedia. Basically, Perkins assumes that his game was the only game on the planet, his company was smack dab in the middle of it and that it was all being subtley directed by the CIA and NSA and that this is, was and always will be the American way. You really get a foggy view of the Evil Empire of America from Perkins, who resembles nobody quite so much as a cynical wanker who is too soulless to quit the game. It's a confession all right.By the time I got 2/3rds of the way through, reading the book began to become annoying. The incredible vacuity of this man was staggering. There are no personal relationships in the book worth speaking of. He found loyalty only to his bosses worth mentioning. It is a stunning revelation about his character that he never once had a kind word to say or any personal quality worth mentioning about his staff that stands out in memory.  We learn that he took one of his charges (female) on a yacht cruise to some isle in the Caribbean, but that when he got there, he was so sickened by his guilty conscience that he banged his head against the coconut trees.If you want to understand something about the life of an economist and high finance, the best book I've read is My Life as a Quant. If you want to understand something about the life of a reluctant spy, the best book to read is Larry Kolb's Overworld. If you want to get well-written account of a man who was too spoiled to find himself while being a toady in the economic hardball of the Cold War era, then this is your book. But it's nowhere near as good as, say The Quiet American.You can imagine that Perkins, who is a great admirer of Graham Greene, might have had aspirations to be such a character as Greene might pen. He is earnest to tell such a story that would portray himself thus, but he is to honest to consider himself heroic, and I suspect that he'll be working off his guilt for the rest of his life. In that regard, 'Confessions of an Economic Hitman' is (now prefaced and extended in the paperback edition) a blueprint for American liberal guilt. If there was ever someone who truly believed that global warming and a host of other blowbacks are destined to doom America to a well-deserved kharmic smackdown, it is John Perkins. He has always been a citizen of the world pretending to be a patriotic American, down to the repetitions of his undying faith in the words of Thomas Paine. You'd think, being a pseudo-economist, that he'd have some room in his heart for Alexander Hamilton. Ahh but that would mean that he'd have to admire courage.I didn't want to be a harsh judge of Perkins. I thought I might learn of an extraordinary life, one of conviction and then epiphany. Instead I learned of a small yapping dog who was always on a leash he lacked the spirit to gnaw through.  Someone who would tell us in the end that we should use less oil and that 'corporatocray' is evil. This book has been a disappointment in many ways. I may well be very happy to read Thomas Friedman after this.Good parts?Yeah there are a few. He speaks about a few South American presidents who might have been contenders. He gives a few details about Saudi Aramco. But compared to Larry Kolb's fascinating and detailed portraits of Daniel Ortega and Adnan Khashoggi, this is Romper Room. If Perkins thought he was an agent... don't make me laugh 
0 It was difficult to stay "tuned-in" to this book.  A few good ideas, but nothing new or different.  It is not a book that I would recommend, however, I might try to listen again -- just to see if I missed the point.  I certainly would NOT give this book as a gift 
0 I have read 3 books of Ann in last 3-4 months and no doubt loved it, but not sure If I am reading same info in different books with different titles from her.  I guess I am not buying this title and anymore of her unless it has way different contents...  
0 OK, I know I'm going to get hammered for this; once again, there goes my reviewer rating. But I just HAVE to be honest: this is a terrible story. OK, being that it's Shakespeare, it's prettily told, but it's still a HORRIBLE story, and I can't imagine why otherwise sensible people like it. Perhaps they feel that Shakespeare is telling it tongue-in-cheek (it IS a comedy, after all) and poking fun at the system of fathers marrying off their daughters without any concern for whether they want it or not; that would almost make it tolerable, if I could believe it. But given that it IS a Shakespearean comedy, we must assume that the ending is supposed to be a "happy" one, and the situation at the end is far from pleasant. Or perhaps people believe (I've heard this claimed in all seriousness) that Kate has actually "triumphed" at the end, having figured out how to manipulate Petruchio so as to get her way subtly and underhandedly. Even if this were true, I'd hardly consider it a "happy" anding, and personally, I see little evidence of it.No, what we actually have here is a story of a strong woman (some people seem to like it simply because there IS a strong woman to be found in it) being married against her will to a scheming golddigger who "Tames" her by blatent if indirect spousal abuse (he doesn't beat her, simply starves her and sleep-deprives her, as well as forcing her to wear muddy rags until she behaves exactly as he wants, up to and including winning him a bet by lecturing her contemporaries on their duties as obedient wives. Her spirit may or may not be broken, depending on how the part is played, but the fact remains that she's forced to BEHAVE as if it is, and that's not a message that should be bruited about in a "comedy". This is absolutely the WORST of Shakespeare's plays 
0 I am in the planning stages of a new business venture. I have never written a marketing plan before and needed some insight and advice as to what tactics work and how to write the plan itself.This book reads like a list of useful one-liner marketing tips and examples of how the author's friends have used them.  It is not a how to book on writing a marketing plan, and it does not go into much depth as far as how you might accomplish the things that he recommends. The most annoying part of this book is that every other page contains an advertisement for you to join some 12-week commitment mailing list that the author has created.  He entices you by saying that you will receive additional tips and information for 12 weeks.  HELLO!!! McFLY!!! Didn't I just buy your book so that I could learn your marketing insights?  YES!  So then why do you make it seem like I just paid for the teaser information, and that the good stuff is behind the curtain that requires me to become a pawn in your marketing career?  My price of admission stops at the price of this book, and it should not seem like I'm only getting half of the story that I paid for! 
0 A subject of eternal fascination especially for basketball &quot;nuts&quot; who grew up in New York.   We idolized the terribly tarnished CCNY &quot;Wonder Five&quot; who set an unbreakable record by winning both the NIT and NCAA titles in 1950 (it can never be repeated because of the way the tournaments are now scheduled). This book is a fictional addendum to Rosen's non-fiction treatment of the original basketball &quot;scandals&quot;, as he outlines in his NPR interview. Unfortunately there are glaring albeit minor errors -- Broadway and 43rd Street cannot be on the east side of Manhattan; Madison Square Garden has been on 23rd Street, and is now above Penn Station; in between it occupied the block bounded by 49th and 50th Streets and Eighth and Ninth Avenues.  These errors are particularly galling in a book by a New Yorker who played at Hunter College, and they undermine the author's credibility and care in writing. Since this is a fictionalized account of a real occurrence, the game of who is this really is inescapable.  Hence it is most unfortunate that Rosen in his interview avers that some players who were not prosecuted went on to pro careers, and &quot;a couple are in the Hall of Fame.&quot;  This tarnishes by inclusiveness such stalwarts as Bob Cousy (Holy Cross, '49), Dick McGuire (St. Johns, '48), Bobby Wanzer (Seton Hall, '46), and Frank McGuire, the legendary coach at St. John's, North Carolina and South Carolina 
0 First of all, Ike is doing the very thing that Tina always said he would do. Ike Turner will never admit to what he did to Tina. Tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like "all the others." Ike took advantage of her. Tina her self said she cared very much for him. Cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince Tina to leave him. Even the girls that danced with Tina on stage had whitnessed what happened.Tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career, she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on. So she released her autobiography in 1986, well after her come-back in 1984.While Ike can try to deny it all he wants, the truth is he violently abused Tina! And considering the person Ike Turner is, I would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back!! 
0 Cooper's book is yet another warm and fuzzy management guru text --- from yet another management guru who never served a day as a real manager, of a real company. It contains all sorts of motherhood and apple pie stories --- along with trite sayings such as &quot;When you find a back door that's open, close it&quot; or my personal favorite &quot;Use the lanterns of your life to help light the way.&quot; If you're looking for an inspirational book, one with a solid basis, forget this one. You'd be better off reading the daily horoscope 
0 I received my Ph.D. in Theoretical and Applied Mechanics from one of the best U.S. universities, and for more than thirty years was teaching and researching in the field of solid mechanics.  Before starting the reading of this book, I was in the agreeable mood with the author's that machines can never be human, and that AI will retain (if not forever) for a very long time its name - unreal.  But, now, I am dismayed.  The author unsuccessfully used 450 pages full of topics in mathematics and physics to support his point of view, making simple topics sound difficult, and making diffcult ones look impossibble.  The inclusion of his strange tilings is strange.  All in all, the book does not make sense. Moreover, his 'Note to the reader' (which is patronizing, arrogant and deceiving), and his Prologue and Epilogue (which are at best cynical) should have warned me not to venture any further.  I cannot help feeling sorry for myself and for several other readers; and most of all, if this is the author's usual way of communicating his ideas, for his students.  Luckily, I did not buy this book; for one person, who could not stand reading through it, dared me to finish his unfinished endeavor 
0 I liked this book for its analysis of political phenomena. However, I found it weak on issues facing companies today in China or that the new business economy has created:  There was little or no discussion of the institutional problems facing China in its transition.  The journalistic background of the author also peeked through and some sections were too breathless for me.  I disagree with the simplistic conclusion (among others) that water and pollution are the two major problems facing companies operating in China 
0 Well, the fact that I'm writing a review about this book, while it's sitting open on my desk next to my computer, open and not being read, might be some evidence of how I'm enjoying this book. This book just goes on and on in complex an unclear language about a subject which shouldn't be so difficult. This book is not clear or easy to understand at all. Every sentence is awkward and followed by a footnote, and the masses of footnotes together take up half of EACH page (!), making this work look like a research project for a PhD publication. I have the casebook in this series, and sometimes it seems reading the cases alone will bring more clarity. And it turns to be true! This book might be good if you're advanted-contracts and want to know every little detail, or as an advanced reference later on, to look something up like in an encyclopedia. Some concepts, which should be pretty clear just get too in-depth coverage in this book. It's too complex for a first-year student. Sometimes it starts describing the different views out there, and then there's a jumble in your head as to what the law really is. I wish the author used his own knowledge and fluid language more than footnoted ideas from other authors. 
0 I find it difficult to give a self-help book much credibility when it is filled with spelling errors, grammar errors and printing errors.  I would think that someone who cares enough to write a book to help people could at least care enough to check her work 
0 This book is terribly organized.  I'm not sure what happened in writing this book, but it seems clear that Professor Jones did not compile this in the chronological order that it is printed in.My main complaint is that rather obscure concepts/people/events are repeatedly referred to, and then only later does Jones bother to define them.  (I would almost prefer that he not define something at all, rather than offering a definition 100 pages after his first reference to it!)  The fact that the book has an index only further infuriated me - clearly the author/publisher knew where all these terms were located throughout the book, yet did not bother to offer a definition in the appropriate/first reference to the concept.Examples are numerous, but here are a few:**robe nobility: referenced on pages 139, 152, 183.  Defined? (pg. 183)**sans culottes: first referenced on page 189, defined on page 231.**Louis-Sebastien Mercier: referenced on pages 11, 138, 178, 189, 200, 204, 212, 213.  When did Jones provide information (that he was a "journalist, dramatist and observer of Parisian mores") on just WHO Mercier is?  Page 215.Aside from that, there are some plain old errors.  One such is in the text box on Saint Genevieve.  Jones mentions that she negotiated with Frankish military chieftains in the 570s and 580s.  She died in 512AD, so the negotiations seem improbable.  (470s & 480s would be correct, but I should not have to figure that out.)The redeeming quality of the book is that if DOES offer information on Paris if you are willing to sift through the above mentioned annoyances.  And Paris is not such a bad subject 
0 This is my first Ludlum book and it is sure to be my last.  The plot is preposterous because of Ludlum's limited understanding of economics and history.  Once you realize that, all interest in the story falls away.  It starts off plausible enough...and the blurbs on the jacket imply some "weapon" more powerful than a mere 270 million dollars!  Hitler gained power because of the alignment of a number of situations that made the ground fertile for his brand of megalomania.  Some spoiled, rich American brat and his fortune would hardly make a difference to the currents of history.  I know that this is only supposed to be a work of fiction, and it is all in good fun, but the plot-concept needs to be much more believable to hold my interest.  If you don't need logic in your fiction, it's interesting enough as a cloak and dagger story, but it falls far short in the historical (and economic) fiction department 
0 I must say that this book does has a lot of pictures in it showing the aspects of Shakespear's world and plays. They are very good and intertaining but I must warn you that the book has a whole chapter with illustrations (in detail)of people having sex. The book is probably very good if you like reading text books, and don't mind these pictures, but I was just too grossed out. If you are teaching Lit in college and/or studying Shakespeare, this is probably the book that you should use, but you should flip through the book first (i.e: library, book store) to see if that is what you want on your book shelves. 
0 This book explains very well the growing paranoia of modern parents. This is a resolute attack against parenting determinism. It is regrettable, however, that the author's references are not more "scientific" than those he reproaches to parenting determinism advocates of using. Moreover, he is not far from praising spanking, which is "proven" very bad for children 
0 This is a nice book but it does not contain Provencal style interiors!  I am not sure how the author came up with that title since anyone who is interested in French country will not find it here.  If you are truly looking for Provencal decorating ideas-this is not the book for you.  CONFUSED!! 
0 Here's a real-review:*The first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong.*The second 100 pages are about the Frankenstein movie.*The last 90 pages are about every movie-star that's ever gotten cosmetic surgery.And the whole thing is stitched together with an English teacher's weekend theory on how a mix of "Simulations and Simulacra" + "The Ego and the Id" explain why people get cosmetic surgery.  If you're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles, then do yourself a favor and skip this one.  How can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio? 
0 The chocolate warThe chocolate war was one of the best books I have ever read...NOT! The chocolate war portrayed a very inappropriate scene. The boy jerry was supposed to sell chocolates but refused, but the book sidetracks and talks about naughty things and also swears a lot. I would not recommend this book because it seemed inappropriate. I don't think that this book should be available to children at a middle school level. This story might be better if the bad words and other bad things war taken out. I think that the story line seems great when jerry denies selling the chocolates because of Archie. Archie is a suspicious character that knows every one. I wish this book was more school appropriate, but it isn't and was a horrid book. Therefore, this book would be great if the author published a book with the Sam story but more school appropriate situations and words 
0 Firstly, let me say the research Nicholas Lardy has conducted is commendable and a welcome addition to the existing literature. His data sources are vast and highly informative.  The major limitation of this  publication is that the central argument is biased. Lardy selects those  data and pieces of existing literature which support his own view. As a  result, major sections of the literature concerning financial reform in  transitional economies are simply ignored or brushed over.  Lardy's view is  the typical Western, dare I say &quot;American&quot; argument. Primarily he  uses financial criteria to evaluate the economic performance of China's  state banks. This methodoloy is extremely poor - particularly in the  context of China's trannsitional economy. Financial criteria are a horrible  guide to both internal and allocative economic efficiency. If anyone would  like elaboration on this point feel free to email me.  In summary, Lardy's  book is informative and makes for interesting reading. However as a piece  of economic analysis, its usefulness is limited. The major reason for this  is a total lack of economic theory(as indicated by the previous reviewer)  which has resulted in a poor methodology 
0 A bunch of junk.  Not any of the really meaty excersises.  An excuse for the auhor to make money 
0 I have read this book, Mr. Moon's &quot;Divide and Quit&quot;, Mr. Khosla's work, &quot;Stern Reckoning&quot; amongst others on the subject of the Partition. Ms. Butalia's work is so saturated with her personal opinions and idealogy, that it almost ceases to be a work on history than the airing of one's thoughts and mindset. Almost a diatribe, if I may. I will agree with what john_galt_who has written. I think he has hit the nail on the head. I did not consider this book worth either the money or the time 
0 I was very disappointed in the content. There were not enough color plates and transparency in the color was lacking. Many of the instructions were used with black and white sketches and plates. Many of Kautskys subjects and scenes appeared to me to be "pre watercolor career" pencil sketches which I recognized.Dark somber and sparse in my opinion 
0 True, there are many controversies raging about copying DVDs and copyrights. I suspect we are in a transition zone with all this and "the industry" will figure out how to help people love and cherish their DVDs rather than simply calling everyone a pirate. Having said that, I can also understand why an author of such a book wouldn't want to "say too much" about this controversy, especially if he his looking over his shoulder at "the lawyers." I was trying to think of an analogy to express my disapointment in this book (and this isn't a good one) but it goes like this: You want to go to Israel and you buy a book on "Israel for Dummies" and you search for something, anything on the controversy of the wall they are building. But instead of finding a discussion of the controversy you find a few off-handed quips about "There's a wall going up and it's causing some controversy. 'Nuff said." "'Nuff said"? Hel-lo? Were dummies out here, that's why we bought the dumb book! There might be some useful information for some people, but I was sorely disappointed 
0 I was eager to read this book, but after reading it I was left completely flat.  The rest of the iceberg?  Hardly.Smith barely gives us more than what we could get from reading Sports Illustrated, or any Minnesota sports page.  He admits he's not a fan of football, but for the majority of the book leisurely describes the most basic parts of his football career.  This book is touted as: his full and complete story.  So we learned he was watching Ren & Stimpy during his NFL Draft.  Wow, are these the types of meaty stories that we want to read?How about telling us more of the inside details...  How did Smith deal with people who wanted to be his friends or girlfriends only because he was a star football player?  Who were his friends that he could trust, and when did he need that trust?  What thoughts enter your mind as you look to hire an agent?  What was he doing when he was "goofing off and missing class all summer" which led to one of the most covered stories of his time at Ohio State?  When, and why did he begin using pot?  If football is not "smart" enough for him, why doesn't he study and break down some of the coaching process that is more mentally challenging?  What happened to plans for medical school?  We know the stories of football; those are the parts of the iceberg that have already been documented.I also felt Smith wrote this book as if he is defending himself from all of America.  Who is attacking him?  Why does he feel the need to explain why he was paid so much?  Highly paid athlete stories are, sorry for the pun, a dime a dozen.  He tries to compare his sitting out for more money to a scenario for the average guy.  The truth is, many people will take a job for 5% less than a co-worker because yes, they value things other than money, and yes, they are happy to have a job.  Leaving the grammatical errors to the other reviewers, it felt like I was reading an average high school creative writing project.  'I did this, I did that, I went to bed, next day.'  Half of his quotes are from the wellspring of deep philosophy: pop music.  Smith notes "less than 50 percent of Americans read at a 10th-grade level".  Well, this book certainly won't tax the reading ability of too many people.One lesson from this book is that Smith had opportunities to swallow his pride, take some coaching, and come up with a better solution.  This book is another one of those times.  He should have hired an editor or writing consultant who could give guidance.  Build the characters; help us feel their stories.  Instead, Smith felt it necessary to go alone to get to the raw emotions.  Sorry, but compared to other autobiographies, this was not an emotional book.I'm sure Smith is all the things that Mike Gutter says he is, such as: thoughtful, honest, trustworthy, dependable, passionate...  but I felt that some of the best stories that would demonstrate these characteristics were left out of this book.  Instead, we are still looking for the rest of the iceberg. 
0 This bok was very boring i found it hard to stay awa 
0 I wasn't aware the only swords that existed and were noteworthy enough to grace the pages of an Encyclopedia were European. Seems to me much is left out by ignoring the Eastern blades 
0 I got really disapointed when I received and read this book.  It provides advanced techniques that a regular woodworker would never use.  The parts that woodworkers use the most are vague.  I'm not intereset in making violins or boats.  I need techniques to bend wood, to use joints for curved surfaces, to  build equipment and fixtures to bend wood and so on.  This book lacks of the practical guidelines to do so 
0 While the book covers some interesting aspects of mid and high model rocketry, it is not as comprehensive as other books and dated given the advances in the hobby of the past years.  If you are looking for a book to complement your model rocketry library, this will be a useful addition.  If you are looking to take the step from basic model rocketry into mid or high power model rocketry, there are other books that better describe "how to".  
0 I was the commander of my highschools AFJROTC Rocket Club so my godfather bought em this book it is very informative but if you are just building basic este kits then this is way to advanced for you as it was for me and the other cadets in the club but if you are really into rockets this book is for yo 
0 This is the latest in a never-ending series of books trying to generalize non-business world (eg. sports, armed forces, girl scouts, religion, NASA, etc.) management techniques to the business world. Most, possibly all, are of little value because of major differences. 1)Members constituting the varying organizations are motivated differently, and face greatly significantly different situations. What does eg. a fighter pilot or football coach have in common with a pharmicist, nurse, professor, financial analyst, etc.? I have no idea. 2)Key success factors vary from one business to another. For Merck, it may be speed of developing new drugs, getting through FDA approval, and motivating physicians to use them. For Nucor Steel, it undoubtedly rests much more on low-cost production. Again, what does either have to do with fighter pilots - little, if anything. One is better off reading books from similar situations - eg. about Wal-Mart (if you are in retailing), about Allied-Signal or G.E. (if you are managing a conglomerate), and about New York Community School District #4, as managed by Sy Fliegel, if you are in public school 
0 Written in cartoon format, I thought this book would be a lighter approach to a straight, dry, biography of scientists.  However, it is written more like a series of political cartoons than cartoons for kids.  The cartoons are barely understandable if the biography of the scientist is not already known, so using it as an initial reading is impossible.  Further, some content is offensive.  On the second page of cartoons, a scientist is walking along a bridge, thinking, when someone mistakenly believes he is getting ready to jump, saying, "No woman is worth committing suicide over."  The pictures show a scantily-clad woman (with bare bottom in one frame) that he is now picturing in his mind.  Irrelevant and inappropriate!  Plus, I didn't have to go far to find swear words in the captions.  Yikes!  My kids will never see this book!  It is not even appropriate for high-school age kids.  (In fact, it isn't even funny to adults! 
0 Phil Jackson groupie and sometime ESPN.com writer Charley Rosen turns in a fun, but sometimes off-putting fictionalized account of minor league basketball life.  He develops the characters well and puts forth a decent plot.  However, Rosen's personal oddities drag the book down.  Rosen is absolutely obsessed with bodily functions and he repeatedly goes into way too much detail about farting, urination, defacation, etc.  At times, the book reads like an immature third grader's delight.  My roommates and I all read it and the general consensus was that the book was enjoyable, but Charley Rosen is a really weird guy 
0 As a former student of Ms. Morris, I will state that she and William Morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by Grand Master Takata. Her history is to this day accurate 
0 I am a big fan of the Missing Manual series. Previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient. I therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm. Office is such a gargantuan program, with tons of bells and whistles, that Microsoft itself estimates that most users  take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities.However, the book is a major disappointment, because of its many mistakes and poor organization. Most of the mistakes are ones you can work around--for example, on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes A and B are reversed--but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction. Every few pages I find myself going to the Missing Manuals web site to report yet more errata, such as incomplete or wrong instructions, figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions, incomprehensible writing, seeming confusion between the Mac and PC versions of the program, etc. And I agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index.It looks as though O'Reilly Publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book, but instead rushed it out as soon as possible. That is too bad, because I will now be much more hesitant to purchase another Missing Manuals title 
0 This book is yet another attempt at degrading the white race.  There is nothing wrong with being white, just like there is nothing wrong with being black.  If you want to hear someones idea on whats wrong with being white instead of looking at the facts then you should read this book 
0 There's nothing unique about this text - all the topics & discussions have been well covered in other basic textbooks on Corporate Finance, Mergers etc.... The discussions lack depth. The whole concept of Corporate Strategy has been miscontrued by the authors.... The link between this and Financial Markets is very ambiguous & blur!FYI I'm a businessman & hold an MBA in Finance from an international university 
0 K, besides the late arrival, the whole book was written in terminology in which I had to read over and over again before I understood the meaning. Its not like the book came with appendices right? Anyway, I do not know whats the huu haa about the book. It seems pretty fictional. Coming from a Muslim 
0 This book devotes from 4 to 9 pages to every American president. Each individual section includes a brief summary of the president's successes and failures while in office. The "secrets lives" aspect includes a description of his temperament, character and personal habits. For example, John Adams is said to have been vain and irritable, while Frankin Pierce is depicted as an alcoholic. Also much oddball trivia is mentioned, such as that George Washington had dentures made of hippo bone rather wood. The biographical information is at least somewhat educational, especially on the lesser known presidents such as Millard Fillmore and Zachary Taylor. But most people who study history will already known much of what is written here. The truth is that O'Brien is not an actual presidential historian with scholarly credentials. But rather a freelance writer who apparently just read a few  books, such as "The Reader's Companion to the American Presidency," and then gathered together the bits he thought would be the most scandalous and entertaining. Also O'Brien provides no original research and some of what he reports as being factual is still subject to debate among scholars.However, what I found most disturbing about this book is O'Brien's tone and attitude. His so-called "humorous style" is basically a series of lame wisecracks and insults directed against the various presidents, especially those he dislikes. For example, he jokingly suggests that Andrew Jackson had "some unknown frontal lobe damage". I have no problem challenging the policy decisions of a particular president. In fact, I disagree with much of Jackson's presidential agenda, especially his bigoted policies directed against American Indians. However, I also think it is possible to have political disagreements without resorting to the sort of cheapshots that O' Brien uses. Overall, I found the book to be juvenile, mean-spirited and overly negative. There are many better researched and well written books on presidential history out there. So don't waste your time on this one.   
0 After reading the book I had no real clue how to build a boat which was why I bought the book in the first place. I think it would make sense to maby not call a book complete hand book of wooden boats when it is not  complete. DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK 
0 All the reviews so far sound like personal friends of B.W. who are puffing the book. The book is simple and would require more information. So why not just go buy a book with more information. 
0 This book is nothing more than a chaotic brainstorm session with no pertinent information at all. You could save yourself time with a pen and some paper and a group of friends because thats all this author did. Book doesnt SHOW you how to start up any of the ideas it just lists them. It also has a plethora of grammatical errors and is almost as if the editor didn't even bother to read it before sending it to the presses. It is a complete waste of time and not worth the ninety cents it costs to buy it used. 
0 The best out of three guide books I looked at, and a must for the first trip to the big island.  
0 I bought this classic novel on cd thinking it would hold the interest of my 2 grade school boys, who enjoy books on cd while driving to and from school.  They did not like the narrator's snobby french accent nor could they understand many of the words.  This is a great cd for high school or adults but not children.  A bust for us.  
0 I dont take neither stance on Religion nor Science with these comments.I have read the book and I have to admit that it was marketed and was presented brilliantly. It has one goal... Sell, sell, sell.If you are after useful, quality, informative, knowledge to gain... well you wont find it here. Im so shocked to even see that when you check the back cover of the book it actually says "non-fiction".The author is a talented story teller...... add a few statistics here and there, a dash of scientific key figures, mix it with life's controversial unsolved mysteries, a few more dash of historic events and famous people, add and link a few references here and there, and WALA!!!! you have a best seller.Isnt that ironic! it is a "New York Times number 1 best seller" It was an interesting read though. 
0 This book was written so long ago, but has been re-released with a new cover. It contains racist terms and old fashioned dialog. I wished I had been more aware and had bought a more updated history of New Orleans. 
0 Not a great deal of new insight here. I did learn a bit more than I knew, however, about Meade's failure to pursue at Gettysburg. Mr. Boritt is the editor and author of one essay; other essays are by four historians: Stephen W. Sears, Mark E. Neely, Jr., Michael Fellman, and John Y. Simon. (Alan J. Jacob 
0 Alexander Pope was not of the Romantic period, and any book that thinks he was can be no guide to a GRE Subject Test.  This alleged prep text splits hair in nanometers over interpretive questions, asks for identification of the most obscure passages, and frequently explains why B was the right answer, and why A, C, and D were wrong, but leaves that status of E wholly to the realm of mystery.  The practice test sent out with the GRE registration is different in scope, clarity, and difficulty.  I actually tore out a chunk of this book with my teeth in frustration.  Don't buy this book.  Don't even steal it.  Spend the money on deluging the publisher with demands to remove it from the shelves and issue written apologies to anyone who ever suffered themselves to use it 
0 Easily the worst textbook I encountered during my undergraduate years.  Unfocused, sparse, and almost completely lacking example problems.  Riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely, leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life.  I'm not a big fan of the book by Seborg et al. either, but if you have to choose between the two, go with Seborg 
0 I was interested in Dante's thoughts on hell, religion, and the afterlife as taught by the Catholic church at the time of its writing.  What I got was a detailed political history of Medieval Italy.  This book is great for the first few chapters, but then it becomes a repetitive saga.  Synopsis of the each chapter of the Inferno: Go to next layer of hell; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there; make fun of some political opponents, Catholic church officials, and so forth; prepare for further descent.  In my opinion, this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell.  Canto three pretty much has it right.... 'Leave all hope, ye that enter 
0 This book gave me insight into German culture. It is no wonder there was a Holocaust with children's books like these. Max and Moritz are adventurous children and they are caught. Being caught isn't enough. They are ground in a flour mill for punishment. Not even that suits the miller. he feeds their remains to the ducks. It instantly reminded me of concentration camp victims being cremated and then turned into soap. This story will forever give nightmares 
0 I must agree with my 1 star friend. This book doesn't deliver. It spends all this time talking about things that we could grasp just by looking in the help section of the program. It goes over basic things several times and makes it sound very complicated when it is totally simple. This book is good for people who have alot of time to waste and money 
0 I read this book on a suggestion from a friend, before I read "Reviving Ophelia", because she wanted to see if I would be as dissapointed with it as she was. I was more so. While there are some outstanding essays in this collection, the bias of the editor clearly stands out. There is no one for the outcasts to relate to. There was no musician, nor was there anyone that dealt with an alternative religion. There were no essays from people who had a different relationship with their parents than she had. The sections are poorly named and divided. All in all, it is an unworthy book to be associated with the original. Some girls it may "make feel less alone", but for me it only accentuated the differences. Definately take out from the library before you buy it 
0 If you like unimaginative phony crap you'll love this book.  The proposed animals within this book are utterly stupid and improbable.  An antelope that feels through the snow with its incredibly dumb looking antlers?  A DIURNAL and TERRESTRIAL mammal that for some God-forsaken reason lacks eyes of any kind?  Primates that don't evolve to fit man's niche, but instead take on the roles of otters and flying squirrels?  The thing has got nonsense written all over it.  The "future animals" proposed for this book were not well thought out and somebody, please find Mr. Dixon a liguist, and FAST!  Some of the names he gives these future animals are so stupidly childish that they actually detract from a creature's plausibility.  A vortex? A posset?  What jerk scientist of the future is naming these things?  Can he please be institutionalized?  I admit the pictures were well done and pre-teen children would probably enjoy this immensely.  I know I would've when I was 10 or 11, and there's nothing wrong with that, it's just that Dougal Dixon begins the book in a very advanced scientific way discussing food pryramids, chains of evolution, and ecological niches, but then converts to unscientific baloney around page 30.  All in all, I just don't think it's cut out for people over the age of 12 or so, unless you are just looking for fun and imaginative creatures.  But in that case, why restrict your mind with the laws of evolution?  Why not pick up a copy of the Dungeons and Dragons Monster Manual or something like that with lots of mythological and imaginary creatures?  I find that books intended to showcase the fantastic, do much better outside the realm of (somewhat-boring) science 
0 Typical Feinstein ("A Season on the Brink" excepted).  Quick, gossipy, superficial, fawning, etc., etc.  This book is about the 2002 U.S. Open Golf Championship at the Bethpage Black Golf Course, a New York State Park course on Long Island.  The subtitle, "Inside the Ropes at Bethpage Black," is used here as a figure of speech, meaning "behind the scenes."  ("Inside the ropes" is normally used in the context of a professional golf tournament to refer to the actual playing area itself -- spectators are separated from the golfers, caddies, officials, and other chosen few by thin ropes that tell the spectators how close they can get to the action.)  Feinstein's purpose is to give the reader a look at the unfolding of a golf tournament from its conception to its completion.  We see U.S Golf Association (the organization that conducts the tournament) leaders in action and learn something about the logistics of putting on a golf tournament (e.g., 4,850 people willing to volunteer their time so that the professional golfers and U.S.G.A. can have a huge payday), about random qualifiers and random competitors, and about the resurrection of the Black golf course.  Yet the book does not fulfill its promise.  My guess is that Feinstein's indebted to too many golf people for both his past and anticipated future lifestyle to offer the kind of critical insights and analysis I had hoped for 
0 This is not a good study guide for an employment law class.  Too basic and general.  This may be good for a business owner wanting basic info about hiring/firing etc, but they would definitely still need to seek the advice of an attorney 
0 As a fan of Gitlin, I was hoping that he'd give me the bottom line - his bottom line - on the air we breathe today, the same way that brave souls such as Lasch, Marcuse, and Bell have done.  But Gitlin isn't brave.  He admits, honestly, up front, that he will reach few conclusions, and merely wants to lay out what we face each day on the streets, on TV, and on the net.  What follows is a stream-of-consciousness depiction of life today.  I want more than that from Gitlin.  I want his conclusions, not some lame statement that he hasn't reached any yet.  He's not getting any younger.  Lots of other fabulous thinkers have failed at this stage of their lives.  It's time for his masterpiece - the next book, perhaps 
0 . . .uninspired and unsatisying. The writing style is Austinesque, but the insipid plot and shallow character development are definetly not. Margaret's motives and emotions are obscure, and the author's assertion that her &quot;heroine&quot; has wit and intelligence is never illustrated by word or deed. Quite the contrary . .  
0 I admit that I tried to read this twice and failed both times.  I got to around page 20 or so.  I'll probably try again.  However, if you're an adult who has already read other philosophies I would suggest attempting to read it just so you'll know what Objectivism is about.  I wouldn't suggest it for teens that haven't had any prior readings, though.  Objectivism is about the self and about "reason", and it can be heady stuff for someone who has no real experience in anything else. The strange thing about the tone of the writing is that it comes across as venomous.  I assume that's in my head, but judge for yourself.  Her caricatures of "The Witch Doctor" (who controls others from a spiritual perspective) and "Attila" (who controls by brute force) are actually interesting.  Wrong, but interesting.  Since Objectivists rely on reason alone for their survival (or think they do, anyway), it's rather surprising the lack of logical thinking early in the book.My suggestion is to attempt to read it without dismissing her out of hand (she's not wrong on everything), or swallowing it all without using your own critical thinking skills. Judging by previous reviews, it seems there were plenty of both kinds of readers.If you buy into it, you can get a feeling of superiority over others in a kind of pseudo-intellectual way.  If you don't buy into it, however, you're evil (either the Witch Doctor or Attila) and probably just too stupid to "get it".  Why I didn't finish it yet...I just couldn't get past her ignorance of history, frankly.   If you're writing a work of fiction, the historical innacuracies don't matter, but this isn't supposed to be fiction.  I like history and most people don't, so it probably won't bother most people. Also, while she denounces religion, Ms. Rand has no problem hopping up to the pulpit herself.  Like all other religions and cults, the world is messed up basically because people don't think like she does.  
0 This novel could not hold my interest.  I am an Anne Perry fan, but could not get into this book.  I couldn't really bond with any of the characters and the plot was uninteresting.   I'm really disappointed, because I was looking forward to a new series by her.  Joseph and Matthew lost their parents to murder and Joseph lost two close friends to murder, yet there didn't seem to be much emotion.  Maybe Ms. Perry tried to tell too many stories within one story.  In reviewing the book, it's hard to pin point exactly why I didn't like this book. I would skip this series and read the Pitt series.   
0 The novel, A Northern Light, by Jennifer Donnelly, is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl, bound for a great future.  Jennifer Donnelly relates to Mattie Gokey, the lead character, in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of New York.  Donnelly attended the University of Rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children's book. Her novels include, The Tea Rose, The Winter Rose, A Northern Light, and a children's book, Humble Pie. All of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book, A Northern Light, has also been introduced in Europe under the title A Gathering Light.	A Northern Light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth, education, love, and murder.  The combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to.  As you read this book, you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve. But as you read further, you realize that it's a lot about hardships, strength and love.  On the first page of the book, Mattie is imagining a perfect day at the Glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself, "I believe these things. With all my heart.  For I am good at telling myself lies".  From this quote, you can see the type of person Mattie is, and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel.  The events typically consist of let down after let down for Mattie and her hopes for her future.   	This book is written from Mattie's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better.  It adds a different element to the book that wouldn't be there if it wasn't written from Mattie's point of view.  It lets you get inside Mattie's head and feel the emotions that she's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations.  Mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back. She's stuck in a farming town where education isn't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family. As you read this book, you just want to tell Mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith.  She is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well.  She deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died.  She has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well.  Royal Loomis enters Mattie's life at a very unconventional time when Mattie's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she's always wanted.  Mattie deals with her teacher, Miss Wilcox, leaving town.  Miss Wilcox was Mattie's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle.  The life Mattie wants.    	This book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand.  It's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children.  The issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families.  A Northern Light is full of valuable lessons, but most of all it's just a good book to get lost in.		 
0 As I sat here writting this review my rating dropped from a three star rating to a two star rating, and I now realize that all of my malice and discontent could have easily been diverted if the book were titled "Drawing People: A Technical Guide for Beginners" and mentioned nary a word about the clothed figure. Then if I had of stumbled upon this book it would have been an added bonus that the author took the time to outline some basics on clothing and drappery, instead of a full out disappointment. Not that I blame the author solely, most of the blame lies at my door. I was so overjoyed in finding a book that proclaimed it was specifically about drawing the clothed figure, Brune Hogath's book aside (another devastating disappointment), and that it was written by a professor from the Academy of Art, a school that I am still deciding on attending, that instead of going my normal route (ordering the book through the store, checking it out in person, and then ordering it online so I could get a fatty discount) I impulsively bought the book, only reading the book synopsis and barely glancing over the customer reviews (which all looked favorable). Now I realise my folly, and am yet determining whether I'll pay for it (i.e. keep the book).I guess what all of my harping boils down to is the lack of content instead of the quality, for I can easily discern Bradley is an excellent artist with years of knowledge garnered from experience, and I'd say that experience shows equally in all areas, not just clothing but in setting up a composition and following through. The problem is, at least in my opinion, that this book is supposed to specifically address clothing, and it doesn't for the most part. Roughly one fourth of the book pertains to clothing, the other three fourths talk about:             how to properly hold your drawing implement, how to properly position yourself if you are drawing                                 from a live modle, maintaing a daily sketchbook, researching your subject matter, the relationships between       the head neck and shoulders, drawing hands, drawing feet, drawing eyes, and a whole slew of other. . .I wouldn't say irrelavent, because they are relavent, but not neccessarily the most important topics pertaining to drawing the clothed figure.A refernce guide on clothing should discuss a plethora of clothing materials, and Bradley does on one page with chicken scratch detailing. It should outline some of the rules when dealing with how clothes tend to fit people of varying body tips, again something Bradley discusses on one single page. The differnce between water logged clothing and dry clothing, she didn't bother mentioning that. How pants typically bunch up while you're walking seen from the head on, profile, three quaters, and back view, another topic she failed to mention. Some examples of evening/ formal attire vs. day clothes, how clothing reacts when the subject is in motion, how jackets restrain your actions and bunch up, the effect of wearing multiple layers at once, achieving that perfect windswept look, and all manner of other topics that should appear in an artistic clothing refernce guide.Maybe I'm being too harsh on Bradley, after all she does mention in her preface that there aren't a whole lot of books pertain to drawing the clothed figure, and compared to the standard "how to. . ." books she's leaps and bounds ahead of the rest. Oh yeah, that's another thing, she doesn't outline any steps on how to achieve a realistic rendering like- first start out with a cone pointing upward then draw a sphere at the bottom/base. The sphere represents the weight of the gathered cloth so the stress lines originate from the tip of the cone and travel down the length eventually enveloping the sphere. Note the ripples. -or some junk like that. Back to me not being to harsh on Bradley, I guess in reading she is/was a professor in the arts I thought she would have some understanding of the common impediments modern day artist face when depicting clothing.For all who have read this drawn out rant, two maybe three people, and think I'm all talk, trust me if I had the skills I'd come up with my own series of "How to draw. . ." books and address all of my issues. As is I'm pretty good at drawing dynamic figures, but the second I add clothing they become flat, lifeless caricatures and I don't see this book as alleviating my shortcomings much. As is my own artistic habits (drawing from magazines, online pics, and occasionally stepping outside of my cave to draw people in motion) are a match for the few helpful hints in this book. You're better off doing what you've always done plus artistically drapping to a wall or over a piece of furniture from time to time then buying this book.If you do know of a book that addresses even half of the afore mentioned topics, if you could write a review mentioning them, somehow recommend them to me or whatever I'd be eternally in your debt 
0 When yours truly was eleven and in Reading class, "Incident" was required reading.  This had to be the most ridiculous book that I ever had the displeasure of reading. I mean, the boy is cared for by a badger!  Badgers are mean and ornery critters that don't much like people or even their own kind.  I did not believe it at eleven, nor do I now.Also, Eckert certainly didn't need to include some of those descriptions.  Was it really necessary to describe a mother badger eating her offspring's excrement?  What eleven-year-old wants to read about that?So, for kids who like to read long descriptive passages about things they really didn't want to know about in the first place: this book's for you 
0 I thoroughly enjoyed the author's earlier work on how the Irish saved civilization.  But this book was a disappointing compendium of Greek myths, legends and history that never reveals a plan behind the book.  Taken in its subparts, many sections are engagingly informative in an elegant if sometimes pretentious prose.  Yet the author ambles from here to there in a disjointed narrative with interesting nuggets but little insight.  Where's the big picture?  The author attempts to wrap it up at the end with a sentence about the Greeks' "variety of human response, lightening quick transmutations, resourcefulness, and inexhaustible creativity."  A subtitle like "A Greek Treasury of Personal Vignettes" might have been more descriptive and merited another star. But it falls short as a "hinge of history" with impoverished and even maladaptive connections (FDR as Solon - really?) to the modern world. I am sorry to not recommend it. 
0 18 Jun 2005As the book progressed, it got more and more egoistic, to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book. I am surprised that there was so little mentioned of Hakeem. Shaq's attitude seems to be that since he can score, he does not respect centers who can't score. Whereas he respect Bill Russell. But he does give Kobe his fair share of spotlight. The other book I read was an unabashed hype of Shaq, so this is a big improvement. 
0 Please be aware that this book contains very explicit information about every topic of sexual nature. Read this book yourself before giving it to your child. It discusses oral sex, anal sex, how to use and purchase condoms, masturbation (for girls and boys), etc. When the author discusses Exploring Your Own Sexuality, she says that if she had known about masturbating sooner she would have straighter teeth, as she would have stopped sucking her thumb. The cover of this book gives no clue to the depth of information covered within. It is in no way appropriate for a girl under the age of twelve. For many parents even the age of twelve would be inappropriate 
0 A great resource for first time and experienced importers who do not fully understand their responsibilites as an importer.  
0 I found this book vacuous and jejune.  And frankly, I met the author (without knowing who he was) and he tried to pick me up, and I've never heard such a pile of cr.. in my life.  And I'm not even close to beautiful.  So good luck with his advise 
0 I must have missed something about this book.  I can't believe that Minority Report and Total Recall, two movies that I did enjoy, came from this author.  The stories seem to be missing something.  Perhaps, this version should not have been the first works by this author for me to have read 
0 You get a view into 60's white america. The only people of color in this book are a policeman, and a caricature. I don't have a problem with other Seuss books where they are set in fantasy land and the whole world is make believe. This is set in everyday life, and I think its best left on the bookshelf, it has nothing to offer my child who has and who lives in a world where folks have brown eyes and black hair, not to mention various shades of skin colour. The rhyming is also not entertaining enough to enjoy and makeup for this one-dimensional &quot;white&quot; depiction of the world 
0 This book is trying too hard to emphasize in being funny.  It is filled with mediocre 'funny' patters that the readers are encouraged to use, but the quality of the actual magic effects demonstrated is poor.  Balancing two forks on the edge of a glass should not be considered magic.  Once you read a few samples, the reading becomes stifling, knowing that you are not going to learn anything new that other magic books cannot teach you.  Some areas are brighter: the photos are clear, and it blends magician bios and history within.  But one can do better with other books around 
0 This book is best used for viewing its selection of Master Drawings many of which are superb. However, its written text is filled with multitudes of factual errors and pseudo-intellectualizations. It should be noted that this book was not written by Hale; it was written by one of his students and lacks the quality of Hale's classic, "Drawing Lessons from the Great Masters." Instead, this book loses itself in unimportant, erroneous anatomical minutia which will baffle, confuse, frustrate and ultimatly demoralize the motivated reader. It greatly misses the mark in both clarity and presentation of important anatomical theory 
0 Too much wrong information in the text. Photo captions = hit or miss.  Altogether: unreliable. Take your needs elsewhere 
0 There is one thing that every cookbook author can learn from How To Cook Without A Book: Recipes and Techniques Every Cook Should Know By Heart, by Pam Anderson (not the big-breasted one), and that is the art of the highly marketable title.For starters, this artful moniker really plays on the single gal's fears about never being able to put together nutritious, attractive, varied, affordable, and delicious meals for her future family every single night of the week. You want your kids to be armed with more than some simple carbohydrates when you send them off into the big bad world.So the plus side of this book is the title. That's where it ends. The big idea here is to help the reader become a non-cookbook-consulting cook by: a) teaching basic cooking techniques that are conducive to variation, and b) suggesting mnemonic devices for said cooking techniques. Sounds interesting so far, right?Well, the problem is that almost all the recipes rely on "canned low-sodium chicken broth", which I think is a bit of a weird ingredient. It's even included in the salad dressings. Other big hitters include: heavy cream, butter, and sour cream. Do people really eat like this? Regularly?Why not make the Easy Fruit Parfaits for a quick and sweet ending to your meal? Just take a tall glass, drop in a few spoonfuls of sour cream, then a few spoonfuls of brown sugar, and some berries. Repeat until the glass is filled.Crikey. Sour cream, brown sugar, and berries?!? Wouldn't it be just as easy to put the berries in yoghurt sweetened with a little squirt of Greek honey? Am I totally off base thinking that this sounds much more appetizing? Or, if calories are no object anyway, why not pick up some Baskin Robbins' Rocky Road on the way home from work? That's easy AND it's worth the internal havoc it will cause.Oh, and here's a sample mnemonic device that I can't not share, it's that good:"Cook tender vegetables with garlic and oil,Then toss in some pasta that's fresh from the boil."Pure genius, right? Right. In a way, the author was right - I CAN cook all these things without a book. But why would I want to 
0 A little less psycho babble and a bit more logistical information would have suited me better.  Ms. Cantrell spends the majority of the book being a relationship/marriage counselor, and though it's true issues become larger in smaller spaces, there are more issues for women cruisers than just their relationship dynamics.  As I said, practical logistical information would have suited me better. 
0 I didn't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are. I am disappointed that the "notes" are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical. Key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation, rather key terms are defined and that is all. 
0 Ms Wilson needs to make up her mind whether to write a book of Literary Criticism or a biography.  The book suffers from too much critical analysis of Sassoon's poetry and not enough about his life.  Either he was an extremely boring and prosaic poet or Ms. Wilson needs to delve deeper into his intellectual and emotional development - really his cricket exploits and his hunting prowess does not lend anything to the very essence of his life.  Ms. Wilson's prose is turgid and repetitive. An extremely disappointing work 
0 This book is a cure for insomnia.  If I ever have trouble falling to sleep, I'll just dig out my old "Flatland" book, and I'll probably be fast asleep a few minutes later!  Listening to the A. Square character telling us about his flat, two dimensional world is not thought provoking, its just confusing!  Trying to imagine life in two dimensions is truely mind numbing.  I mean I understand what Flatland would be like, but only after I carefully think out what Mr. Square is saying.  I spent more time trying to comprehend the two dimensional reality of Flatland than I do enjoying the story.  Not very interesting at all, even two stars is being generous 
0 This is a nice small book to take along in the car but I don't think the pictures are animated enough. My 19 month old son doesn't seem too interested in the book 
0 I love mysteries set in WW II and like old time radio so I couldn't wait to begin this one. The "hero" is a junior varsity Tom Joad but,OK, I was game.  The cast of characters that seemed to number in the low 80s and be interchangable "baddies" and "goodies".  They were hard to keep track of without a scorecard but there is no quit in this reader and I pushed on. Then when we got to the Jersey shore, I found out that in 1942 with America fighting for it's life against fascism, and losing, our hero knew why.  All the servicemen were bullies (A drafted station employee) or morons (the Coast Guard beach patrol).  The 4F "hero" was the real McCoy however.  Although not actually mentioned I bet he wished that dratted ear injury hadn't kept him from joining the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.  He was moderate enought to think Marxism had some problems; the murder of 10s of millions of Ukrainians and the Nazi-USSR Pact probably and I say probably, didn't elude our observant literary genius.  He was also a 1975 era feminist; all those plucky WW II women throwing off the handcuffs chaining them naked to the kitchen sink had his unhesitating support.  Most big businessmen, probably wearing spats and silk high hats, were the bad guys needless to say.  I wondered how someone could write such a truly awful book.  I couldn't finish it and it's a point of honor for me to finish all books.  Then in the bio it all became clear.  The author was a flack for former Congresswoman Pat Schroeder of Colorado.  I'm still haunted by her rictus grin and constipated, Quaker schoolmarm expression that said "somebody, somewhere is having fun and I want it to stop now!!!"  Anyone who could stand to work for Pat could write this book with ease 
0 Many words - few practical tips! This book did not give much more (-valuable-) information than I already had found out by reading the manual delivered with my pocket computer. After reading the book I still had to search for web communities, where some of my questions could be answered. My expectations when buying the book were mainly focused on the need for practical hints concerning how to manage tasks, contacts and appointments. Unfortunately, in my view, these important and basic issues were treated too superficially.     
0 Unfortunately, for all the name brand that this book conveys, I think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part.  There are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as McKinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales, boggles this readers mind.  The subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session.  No actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book, and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book, I would be astounded.  Save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation.  By the way, those giving 5 stars either can't read English very well or are shills for McKinsey 
0 After reading this book, it was apparent to me that the author was implying that Nixon was a dark and grumpy man who needed his image repackaged.  McGinnis boasts of Nixon and his PR teams ability to hide the &quot;true&quot; Nixon and to trick the public into voting for his image.  He proclaims that the real Nixon was the one that the country saw debating Kennedy on TV in 1960.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  First off, Nixon won the 1960 election but did not contest the results for the good of the nation.  All historians admit that JFK had help from Daily in Illinois and LBJ in Texas.  Furthermore, in the 1960 debates, Nixon had a high fever and was recently out of the hospitable and JFK's staff broke into the basement of the studio and turned up the heat to make him sweat! If anyone decieved the voters with his image, it was JFK using his dramatic but bubbly rhetoric and not backing it up and JFK the family man and the idealist.  JFK exploited the Missile Gap, had numerous affairs, assassinated Ngo Dihn Diem, wire tapped Martin Luther King, screwed up the Bay of Pigs, and had ties to the Mafia!  Now, I could be wrong, but JFK's campaign sounds like a true selling of the President.  'Selling of the President' has little credible content but infact is a good historical document that portrays Left Wing propaganda of the 1960s 
0 If you like physics, this is just an interesting book. It mostly discusses, at length, two ideas: emergence and reductionism. Doesn't sound like much, and it isn't, but at least it gives you a different point of view on the world. Unfortunately, from this point of view to the horizon is not that far. Mr. McLaughlin almost calls the present theories (like string theory) science fiction, easy on science (because of the scales and energies involved, he seems to think they are not provable; I don't have the knowledge to discuss if he is right or not), but he doesn't offer much of an alternative. He even comes close to saying that deeper levels of understanding are not possible, or not practical. Well, even if he is right, which I hope he isn't, between can't and science fiction, I prefer science fiction. Tomorrow I'll read a bit of string theory, and shake off the depressive mood left by this book 
0 Dr. Hawkins first book, Power vs Force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology.  However, he began to venture into misapplication of this method, and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity, concept, or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement.  There are serious logical, philosophical, and practical flaws in his work, and his attempt to quantify matters that aren't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests.  This book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques.  The actual technique is worthwhile, but much of what Hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid.  The levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to NOT let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate, valid answers.  Hawkins explores issues about media, politics, religion, spirituality, history, philosophies, healing arts, entertainment, and more, and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters.He seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters, liars, and two-faced sociopaths.  He has a negative view of conspiracy theorists, many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and don't resort to Hawkins' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth.  Hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method, as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology, but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod.  I hope Hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts...consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful, responsible work in those areas.  For now I'd encourage Hawkins to recognize that 911 was in part an inside job, many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds, and the overall maturity of consciousness in America is not greater than the rest of the world 
0 My blood was boiling as I read other customers' rave reviews of "The Prince of Tides."  Whoever considers this thesaurus-scrubbing, self-indulgent mess of cliches a literary masterpiece has no sense of language and literature.  Someone was even audacious enough to compare Pat Conroy to Virginia Woolf.  What a joke!  Woolf's writing is brilliant, original, and real.  She cuts to the quick, whereas Conroy slathers his story in cloying metaphors and trite descriptions.  One can almost see Conroy congratulating himself on each simile and metaphor as he writes, not caring how superfluous or artificial his language is -- nor how unrealistic it makes the story.  I laughed out loud at some of the words he puts in the characters' mouths.  In the real world, nobody is as self-concious and self-reflexive as the characters in this book.  They do not speak in reams of figurative language.  I cannot even get into how inconsistent and impossible the characters are, especially the children.  Also, Conroy caricatures both places and exaggerates the cultural gulf between them.  (I make that claim as a Southerner who lived in NYC for four years.)  It's one of many, many flaws in this ridiculous book.  Read it if you like sensational stories with mass appeal (John Irving, etc.), but avoid it if you have any respect for the English language and for real American literature (Cheever, Plath, Hemingway, Cather, etc.).  Don't be fooled by all the fools out there.  
0 i'vc had this book since i was 7 years old. i loved the awesome photos of echanis doing his thing. if you like the elaborate and complex, then this is the knife fighting book for you. there are simpler ways of "getting it done", but few are more fun to try. and, by the way, if any of you are curious as to how he died, he was killed while "training" in nicaragua. hmmm . .  
0 Don't bother buying 'the wonder of girls,borrow it from a friend cause it will only make a turn around the office with many a snicker.I couldn't think of a girl I grew up with including myself who needed constant reassurance or had more trouble with math than boys.I agree with the other review about we grow our own brains and make connections.Infact,research shows if you give any child a chance at spatial tasks,the childimproves.Girls often are given dolls .,so how can a girl develope spatial ability playing with a doll? Go fig!Gurian doesn't tell the reader anything about experience and environment ~ instead he is vocal about fixed brain function which of course leaves a child in a narrow subgroup.Girls are all lumped into one.I wouldn't let your daughter read this book,'it might give her a bad case of low self~esteem and leave her wondering about herself as a woman.Gurian wants women in second place at best.Teach your daughter to believe in herself not some pop psychology from a questionable author bent on messing with her success 
0 I got the impression that Rankin wrote this book in a short period of time without the assistance of a proofreader or editor. It was superficial, with such helpful hints as &quot;People come in all sizes and shapes,&quot; and &quot;People with a warm smile are perceived as being more friendly.&quot; I didn't need to read her book to figure those out. Her logic is also flawed. She states that, &quot;Doctors touch patients, not vice versa because doctors are more privileged and powerful than patients.&quot; Did she consider that doctors need to touch their patients in order to examine them - not because of any power status? Using the book to promote her feminist beliefs, numerous typographical errors, and trite comments also distracted from what little substance the book had to offer 
0 This book is perfunctory and extremely shallow. Russell's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight. However, it is amusing at times, hence the star 
0 I haven't done this in awhile, but I don't think I could review this piece any better than the other reviews I've read about it. It's pretty average, however filled with nice bits of knowledge. They didn't seem well-researched in some areas. Here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other "critics" that I agree with..."they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences...would be enough." - John Gallant"Biased against superheros(sic)" - Christopher Ritter"I found this book to be tedious, lacking in charm, badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas." - C.P. Halliday"I picked up this book." - Lawrance M. Bernabo"Their belief seems to be that Donald Duck was the best comic book ever..." - M.G. Bloedorn"Pretty boring." - BernardZ"...a black hole is hypothesized, lending a faint respectability to the premise behind Green Lantern's abilities." - Peter Vinton Jr."...this book will not satisfy full on fans..." - James N. Simpson &lt;---gave it five stars."a chance to laugh about the heroes I still love and that mean so much to me." - Reviewer"Man, there's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing, cranky-old-maid kind of stuff!" - Mark Alfred"They were even putting words into C. Darwin's mouth." - Aaron Spriggs"Mildly entertaining but not great" - Reviewer"When the man (Dean Koontz in this case) writing the introduction says he doesn't read comics, I began to get worried." - Ivan A. Wolfe"I agree with an earlier poster." - Reviewer"Almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible." Plastic Larry"the authors give us a more plausible (given what we know now) origin for the Hulk, involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification." - J. Draper Carlson"this book is not mean spirited or nasty." Reviewer"Superman's powers break the laws of science. Ooh. Stop the presses." - [...]"interesting." - Rick Hunter"The Science of Superheroes," - Reviewer 
0 The first novel written by Stephenson, and it's a satire on college dorm life.  Pointless, rambling, and bizarre.  It's a good thing he's improved his writing over the years, as this one stunk 
0 Am I the only person that felt this book was twisted, disjointed, and something was just not working?  The beginning was great but the second half left a lot to be desired. This could have been a great story, the author veered off track or something 
0 As my brother said when flipping through this book, "If girls start acting like guys then what do we need them for?"  Why should you pretend to be someone or something you're not to get a guy?  If someone dumps you because you like mushy love songs, cry at sad movies, like babies and puppies, or because you have embarrassing girl products in your medicine cabinet, he isn't worth it anyway!  And why on earth would you sleep with someone who didn't love you enough to want you around the next morning?  "Think Like a Guy" doesn't guarantee you a perfect relationship anymore than The Rules or Stop Getting Dumped or Mars and Venus or any of the other ridiculous relationship books that have been popular over the last few years.  Be yourself.  If a man can't deal with that, then he isn't the right one for you 
0 I did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification. It did help with classification and mapping 
0 Do not buy this book.  This author belives that he can cure Dyslexia with his mind's eye.  You can not cure dyslexia you just have to learn a different way from the norm with the right tools such as an Orton-Gillingham based program.  I bought this book by mistake not looking carefully at the author.      
0 This entire book reads like an 8th-Grade Research paper.  From an uncountable amount of grammatical and spelling errors to numerous repeated sentences (literally quotes retyped word for word, pages apart), it's difficult not to get irritated while reading this.  The information on Weezer is great, but often times the author veers away from focusing on the band and gives too much information on things that even the most obsessed fan won't care about.  Unfortunately, this appears to be the only book on Weezer out right now, so if you want to learn more about the band in book form this is all you've got.  I suggest just browsing around their official website, because it's obvious that's where the author got quite a bit of his information.  Don't waste your money 
0 As far as style goes, I found this pretty boring from what I saw in the bookstore. Glad I never bought it, Races of Eberron is much better, as it has three great races (fourth isn't so hot) including one Living Construct type.In fact, from Races of Eberron I made one Changeling Druid who has near complete Cold Adaptation and Heat Adaptation (from environment series), and a Warforged Monk which was effective against lycanthropes.What can Races of the Dragon possibly give you? Flying creatures? Firebreathing creatures? You could be better off with weaked-down angel or better yet just a birdfolk race (like Raptorans in Races of the Wild, which by the way also has more variety with its Catfolk).  As for firebreathing, a feat could probably give you the whole fire-eating/fire-blowing act and save you the whole freakish thing of having weird blood.  
0 bestseller-Stupid plot-horrible plot-dumb charactersI have one conculsion Matthew reilly was trying to buy up all the copies of this book to save himself from embrassmen 
0 Was given this book as a freebie--someone must be buying up copies.  For an Austinite, this adoring account of the life of a hasbeen fifth-string techno-celebrity is a little embarrassing in its breathlessness--kind of reminds one of the courtiers who saluted when Louis the XIV's chamber pot was carried by, except this isn't the Sun King, guys.  Get a life, or at least an authentic artist to swoon over--all of Garriott's stuff was strictly derivative.  Now that we have the real Lord of the Rings to watch, who cares about cheap imitations 
0 This book was a huge disappointment. Not only wasn't it funny to me, it has absolutely nothing funny for kids. Too bad its not worth the return shipping charges. I threw it out 
0 I am ashamed to say I read this entire book. I kept hoping it would get better but it didn't. It is filled with typos and poor organization of thoughts and topics. Clarkson actually spells Mel Gibson's name wrong several times throughout the book, and refers to Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner as "Dormer" for several pages! He jumps back and forth from one movie production to another making it difficult to follow. Lastly, he relies on the accounts of people who had met Mel Gibson at one time but who had either a personal or professional conflict with him. In the retelling of these conflicts and what went down, we hear one point of view only - and generally that is the view of someone who is harboring bitterness and resentment towards Gibson, so their accounts are slanted and untrustworthy. The best part of the book is the end for two reasons: Clarkson finally gets to Gibson's most recent project, The Passion of the Christ. The subtitle and the picture on the back of the book gives the impression this project will be a major focus of the book, but after 300 pages of reading, I was still waiting for the subject to come up. I have to say I felt that this was the only well written part of the whole book - thoughtful and interesting. The second reason the end is the best part of the book is that it was finally over. I'm sorry to be so blunt, but I can't help it. I highly recommend reading the book about the making of the Passion of the Christ - you can learn a lot about Gibson there - but I cannot recommend this biography 
0 Good book on deal structure, but if you want a valuation number, check out &quot;Unlocking the Value of Your Business&quot; 
0 I am sorry to say that I thoroughly disliked "Of Human Bondage."  I know it is on every must read list for fiction (which is why I decided to read it) however, I just wonder how such a boring story can continually be relegated to such a hallowed position in literature?  Not only did I find it dull but I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the main character's perception of women!  I'm not a feminist in the least but most of the female characters were described in such pathetic ways.  "Yellow teethed"  "Sallow skin"  "Dirty Hands"  "Tear stained over powdered face", it goes on and on.  I wondered if the author was uncomfortable women?  I looked online for some information about Maugham.  To my surprise I found out that Maugham was bisexual.  He did marry and have a child but for most of his life it sounded like he was involved with men. In no way can I say this substantiates or confirms the tone of the book -- but in some way it answered my question or concern.  Instead of this book I'd recommend the following classics:  Beautiful and Damned by F. Scott Fitzgerald, Madame Bovary by Flaubert.  At least in these books, maybe the female characters are not the most virtuous but the characters are written with such sensuality that even though they might not be described as gorgeous they are brought to life in the pages by the author with a kaleidoscope of words that makes them multidimensional -- good or bad.   
0 One at the front: The really own words of the master are excellent. One must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with Bruce Lee. The rest consists of interviews with the former  interviewers. However, as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune.  But the words of the master are absolutely worth-while, as already  mentioned at the beginning 
0 This book is a standard one for graduate-level algebra courses.  I practically wore mine out over a year-long course, and came to know it intimately.  Dummit and Foote is a book that teaches via wordy explanations and lots of examples.  Of course, examples are very important.  However, the explanations are often muddled and not clear (e.g. see tensor products).  They frequently relegate important theorems or definitions to the exercises, and the organization is poor.  Consequently, it can be very hard to find things later when you might need them.  Also, the bindings on this book frequently fail.  My book fell apart very quickly, and I know other students who had the same problem.  I recommend Rotman's Advanced Modern Algebra instead of Dummit and Foote. 
0 For the most part, the author seems to have pretty  good information for the time of the book's printing, but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms, be warned; there are several places where the  book goes awry, for example: the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus  indicate that it was a solitary animal, occasionally hunting in pairs.  Problem: no  tracks of a t. rex have been discovered to date, a decade and  a half after the writing. Aside from that and a few other points, though,  the book is good reading 
0 This is the worst book of Shakespeare criticism I have ever read.  Bloom makes no attempt to link one paragraph to the next.  It reads like 30 years of lecture notes piled together haphazardly, handed to a graduate student, and entered into a computer over a weekend.  He contradicts himself several times.  I donated my copy to the library as soon as I was done reading it, so I cannot cite the pages where the contradictions occur; but several times I recall reading a passage where Bloom had just said the exact opposite a few pages earlier.  To make matters worse, he even says the bard contradicts HIMself.  He points to supposed paradoxes regarding Hamlet's age, stating that his seeming age does not jive with textual evidence that would put his age at about 30.  Apparently the point is that if Shakespeare contradicts himself, so can Bloom.  Bloom ignores the obvious conclusion that Hamlet is a slacker.  He has not grown up yet.  That is why his parents tell him to come home from school and not to waste his time as a professional student when he should be learning how to run a kingdom.  Some of the book's observations are interesting, but they are glossed over and presented as a random jumble from Bloom's notes.  Interespersed between the passages scribbled down from Bloom's lectures are outbursts where Bloom reminds us that Shakespeare is without any question whatsover the greatest writer, in verse or prose, who ever lived.  Bloom is a great critic when he still tries, but in this book he was not even trying 
0 This book is a disappointment.  It provides little insight into the life or personality of Robert Redford, the actor or the person.  The book is basically a chronicle of the movies RR has directed or in which he has appeared as an actor.  But even as a filmography the book fails.  The reader learns little about the creation of each movie or the relationships among the actors beyond the anecdotes that have been repeated numerous times on TV or in the press.  In addition, the authors have the annoying habit of consistently putting down Robert Redford with snide remarks.  There must have been something about the actor other than his white teeth and good looks that made him an international superstar.  For sure, it must be difficult to write a biography of such a private person as Robert Redford.  However, it is the responsibility of biographers to gather information and gain an understanding of their subject, and if they can't do so, then there is no book 
0 This dictionary is just another long-winded, pretentious, unreadable, high-brow attempt to legitimize anthropology. The authors of each definition are more concerned with impressing their peers than giving the average person clear insight to cultural anthropology. If you are struggling through a cultural anthropology class, and are looking for a dictionary with clear definitions, forget this book 
0 Not easy for any beginner to use. Unless you knew exactly what kind of silver you were trying to identify i.e. English, Scottish, Irish... etc, it was a bit confusing. Marks are black &amp; white, some not showing very good clarity and everything is in extremely in small print. If you just want to sort through tons of marks and dates, this may be for you. If you want information about your piece, pass it up 
0 I found two paperbacks at work, which were both thriller series, both written by women, both having two word titles with the first word being "Blind."  One of the two I found exciting and satisfying, and eagerly read it.  That was not this book.At first, I thought it was just me.  Unlike others, I found it easy to get into the book.  But I found it too new age for me.  Between Eve talking to her dead daughter to the creepy Aldo to Jane's connection with the murdered Cira, I decided I didn't need to read the whole novel and checked to make sure Jane and Trevor survived.  Maybe this wasn't Iris Johansen's best book.  But I'm not going to be trying any of her others, based on this one 
0 I've been following BPRD since the very beginning and feel that I can say with all sincerity, that this series gets better and better with each new story!  The TPB's are absolutely the way to go if you don't frequent comic stores (which I do).  So do yourself a favor and purchase all of the TPB's, kick back in an easy chair with a stock of time set aside, and enjoy these bad boys to your hearts content 
0 Oh, how I wanted to love Devon's book! He was such a charming rascal in "Wicked..." and such a bore in "Sinful..". There was no meat to this story. The back of the books summarizes it nicely. What would have made a better short story in an anthology was dragged on for over 300 pages. I admit I only made through about half before skimming and realizing it wasn't going to get any better.There's no sizzling tension, the love scenes weak, and the mystery is predictable. I had such high expectations for this Boscastle book since Drake's was brilliant and Devon's character seemed such a lovable rogue.Not a keeper for me. 
0 As a beef eating Hindu I am very much interested in finding how cows became holy for Hindus and beef a forbidden thing to eat. I browsed through this book in a book store and found it to be very disappointing.First, it appeared to be intended more for creating controversy than for informational purposes. It clearly had a bias which turned me off.Second, I am generally up-to date on current issues and remembered that it did not generate all that controversy as mentioned on the cover of the book. There were some rumblings but nothing of the sort described on the covers ("the government of India demands be ritually burned").Later I searched on google with the book title and words "ban", "government of India" and found no news reports relating any government of India attempts at banning this book. There were no reports on ban by Allahabad High Court either. All I found were book reviews on the book and other articles written mainly by political commentators known for their leftist opinions. Third, I found some material on internet on how the author misinterpreted much of the scriptures to support his conclusions.It basically left me disappointed and I am still searching for some reliable and accurate material on this matter. 
0 Mr. Haqqani's views about his mother country are very dubious. The only question I have for the author as he served in some very corrupt governments as their partner...What has he done for his home land? Nothing!!! This book in waste of time. 
0 This book expounds endlessly on how best to limit the impact of people on the backcountry in the very best traditions of the Sierra Club.  It's more of a philosophy book than a &quot;how to&quot; book.  If anyone wants to  learn how to backpack and/or camp, he would be better advised to buy the  several books by Karen Berger and Chris Townsend, in particular The  Backpackers Handbook 
0 The unbelievable awfulness of the prose makes Dan Brown look like Borges in comparison. Naming characters "Guard One" just shows you don't even try to care. The plot is so hair-brained that just thinking about it gives me a headache -- I just learned, to my horror, that there are two sequels to this that turn the entire thing into a treatise on the end times. I'd have loved to see what a capable author could have done with the premise, but it's been ruined forever by... this. Somewhere, Baby Jesus is crying 
0 After reading A Fine Balance I couldn't wait to read another book by this author. I then read his third book called Family Matters which was good but I was disappointed as it by no means compared to A Fine Balance. I just finished Such A Long Journey and found it to be okay but very slow moving and downright boring in some spots.  It is my least favorite of the three books by this author. It's hard to believe that someone can right a book like A Fine Balance, which was magnificant and one of the best books I have ever read, and then turn our stuff that is, at best, average.    
0 Boring, tasteless and unoriginal. Photographer has an obvious fixation...which has kept him from paying attention in many cases to contrast, tone, and line. One star for the big you know what, the real model here. I'm sure book has its merits, but they aren't artistic. Putting my copy up for sale 
0 I know all this stuff seems like a good idea but have we forgotten GHB? That was supposedly the fountain of youth a few years ago and now no one hardly even talks about it. Let me let you in on a little secret, GHB turned out to be a very addictive substance and in fact a handy little trick to get a girl naked without any problems like dinner movie or even her knowing you for that matter. Like HGH, everyone jumped on it before all the data was in. Please put your money away and be safe. A pretty face isn't worth the trouble this could potentially cause. And lets be realistic at 60 you really won't ever look 20 again and the weight you would have lost will be the money leaving your pocket book and not the fat from your thighs. Work out, do yoga, and eat a healthy vegetarian diet and you can't go wrong. Also, when i stopped eating sugar the cellulite also disappeared and so did those extra pounds 
0 Talk about taking the joy out of an experience.  I read this book prior to a week-long trip to Venice.  This book quite simply accomplished none of its objectives.  It is a poor &quot;guidebook&quot; and is poorly written and uninteresting in terms of a travelogue.  The history and art of Venice are covered better in books from those genres.  The only upside is that it is short.  Yuck, what a waste of time.  My advice is:  get a novel about Venice if you like novels, a guidebook if you want that, an art book, or a history book.  At least you'll get something out of those--this one tries all of these and fails.  Actually, in terms of a travelogue, &quot;Vendela in Venice&quot; far surpassess any other Venice book I have seen.  Although I originally bought it because it is considered a children's book, it is not dumbed down at all and adults will enjoy it... 
0 What to say about Belarus? Well, we spent the day the White Russkis commemmorate the end of WWII there, so I've seen it in all of its "grandeur". Not much to recommend it, go and see Belarus if you missed out on the post WWII East European dictatorships, because Belarus is the last of its kind. A genuine personality cult around the president runs politics, and you can get a feel for what it was like in 1970's E. Europe. Guess what- you will not like it. Take some pics of Minsk & move on to Moscow. And if you can find a decent hotel in Minsk, you've done better than my wife and I did.  
0 It is fiction of course. It can not be otherwise for what it contends may happen is IMPOSSIBLE! Many reviewers are upset. Upset perhaps but they should not be worried. The Church is protected by Christ's promise that it will not err. Any person of faith sees this book as FICTION. It is a poor attempt to disguise Greely's left wing theology as fiction. The message to those liberals who find &quot;hope&quot; for their cause in this book: IT AIN'T GOING TO HAPPEN. Recommended reading: &quot;Women Priests And Other Fantasies&quot; Greely and his followers are delusional 
0 Though I am not a Vogue reader, I picked up this book out of curiosity to see what Anna W's splashes in the tabloids were all about.While the subject is only mildly interesting to me, the author's prose reads like a 300+ page deposition against Anna Wintour from everybody who had/has a major or minor gripe with her. It's a heavy and boring read.Gossip, if one can get over oneself and admit that it is entertaining, should remain light and diverting. In this book, it is difficult to garner much sympathy for the subject or its author, much less derive the slightest enjoyment from it. I was very happy to put it down. Perhaps this lackluster effort will compel someone else to attempt a better job. But then again, when that time comes, Anna Wintour may be have disappeared completely from public interest 
0 I was rather disappointed in Mr. Peterson's work. He dwells much too long on trying to convince us of &quot;the problem&quot;. Nearly the first half of the book is spent on statistic overload!  Even after wading through the  numbers and graphs, I am still skeptical of his conclusions and would  caution readers to do further research.  Certainly the Baby Boomers are an  aging bulge in the population of the US and will create some challenges.   However, the author fails to mention the &quot;echo boom&quot; (baby  boomer's children which are equal in number) and he glosses over the impact  of the huge young immigration population that comes into the country every  year.  Both of these facts will &quot;soften&quot; the impact of the  &quot;Gray Doom&quot; that Mr. Peterson tries to create.  I just don't  anticipate the tremendous problem of which  he tries to make us aware.  But  I did find interesting the apparently huge impact that abortions and birth  control will have on our future. Another disappointment was very little  discussion of aging trends and buying habits. Despite these shortcomings, I  enjoyed parts of the book and it stimulated thinking about the future and  the impact of aging populations 
0 I was really looking forward to reading this book since I am both a brain researcher and a professional musician. First it was highly disorganized and rambled from subject to subject without any real framework. Much of what the author spoke of was not related to how the brain processes music but speaks to the way research is conducted. Even this was sparse at best. He attempted to explain the elements of music so that the majority of people could understand it. However it became too watered down and even lost me. Lastly the author was entirely too self congradulatory as to his own accomplishments. Pushing the envelope of science should be  award enough. For these reasons I can not recommend this book 
0 This was the only Bertrice Small book I could find in the gift shop of an airport.  That should have been warning enough not to buy it.Rosamund was an unlikeable character.  She left her 3 young daughters so she could "make love" constantly and then was oh-so-superior with her maid when Annie did the same!  I guess being a rich, snotty noblewoman means you're not held to the same standards of behavior as the mere household help.I found the love at first sight meeting to be flimsy and contrived.  Small's readers are smarter than most, so I'm surprised she expected us to swallow it.  Like some other reviewers here, I thought it was more lust than love.  It was clearly a mid-life crisis hook up for Patrick.  And if Rosamund truly loved Patrick, she never would have left him when he was ill, memory loss or not!Not planning to read either "Rosamund" or "Phillipa", the other books in this series.  It was hard enough getting through this book, let alone another one with her uppity daughter.The good stuff?  Getting to meet Patrick Leslie again.  But it was heartbreaking to witness his grief over losing his daughter Janet decades ago.  If you've read "The Kadin", you know that Janet eventually returns to her home, but only after Patrick has died 
0 At first glance this is a great book. However, once you've read it a few times you begin to notice the bottles of coke that feature in almost every illustration. The author, illustrator, and publisher should be ashamed of themselves. We all know that kids are exposed to lots of advertising on TV and at the movies, but do we really need to start worrying about product placements in children's books as well? This is a clever book and I was looking forward to sharing it with friends and exploring the other books in the series. The greed of those involved with this book have changed my mind, however 
0 I've seen much better photos/articles on Dylan and would not suggest this particular work. I will be selling my copy in the used section.  
0 While it may have been well written, this book is disturbing and disgusting to put it mildly. If you or anyone you know are pregnant, or contemplating or trying to have children, do not read this book! This is one book I can honestly say in retrospect, I would rather have failed the test on than ever have read 
0 Chris Bohjalian is a gifted stylist, and it pains me to give this book such a low mark.  It's hard to say much without giving away the plot, but I found the plot contrived and manipulative -- too clever for its own good.  The book started strong, but as the main character became more disassociated with reality, I became more disassociated with the book.  I finished it, but it was a struggle 
0 I really want to like Thich Nhat Hanh's books. I want to because people I respect like them, because I believe in the value of mindful living... but the truth is that I didn't find this book very helpful.I have real and continuing struggles with Anger and this book while interesting in a round about way is, as others have mentioned, not directed toward the problem of anger. It is a mindful living remix.I'm going to keep searching for a great TNH book and when I do I'll recommend it. Good hunting 
0 "Tourists are learning that the image of the terrible Turk is false, created to a great degree by it unfriendly neighbors. Turks are quick to remind visitors that, surrounded by Syria, Iraq, Iran, Armenia, Georgia, Bulgaria, and Greece, they're not living in Mr. Rogers' neighborhood."This is a direct quote.It sounds like they're trying to say that the surrounding countries are painting an incorrect negative image of Turkey. Which is amusing, since he listed both Greece and Armenia there, which were both targeted by Turkey. Either this writing staff has no idea what they're writing and is just happy to sell books, thinking no one will double check the info, or they're Racist and opinionated. Either way, I wouldn't trust the info in here even as a rough guide on where to go. 
0 First off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple. I mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as Mr. Miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so "textbooky" and insincere. The book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music (which half the music books in Borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless,  which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short)  up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory. Book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics, never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when I asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along. The problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field. I recommend the only book that I have found that made some sense to me called Fractals in Music by Charles Madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures. 
0 Excellent , how to technical reference, easy to read and understand, a must have book for those interested in biodiesel, and / or waste vegetable oil 
0 This book looks like it was written by someone who works in their own garage as a hobby. There is no real technical data in this book-- no hint of professionalism.The photos are black and white and most of the time they don't really show what the book is talking about. There are no torque specs. Little detail or warnings on how things are done.With the quality of this book, you're better off saving the $30 and pulling the jeep apart yourself to see how it works 
0 I wouold only skim this book if you want a general idea about business marketing, but do not expect in depth detail about how to truly market your business 
0 This breviary is disappointing to Traditional Catholics! Novus Ordo Catholics will be right at home with this but if you are a Traditional Orthodox Catholic who favors the Roman Rite and who has been traumatized by the profanations inflicted by iconaclastic innovations, this is the same ole same ole Vatican II "stuff." 
0 I admittedly have not completed the full book, as it is thick.  However I do find that the narrative focuses on the reactive rather than the proactive tools needed for DFSS.  For example almost all the examples given in section 2 talk about an existing system or process and there doesn't seem to be any design examples and how the stats are used to solve the design problems.  I therefore think the book is more about Six Sigma than DFSS.Barry 
0 This is a decent book on photographing artwork -- but not the the most comprehensive.  The strengths of this book are that Mr. Saddington (1) discusses the use digital media, and (2) makes the process of photographing artwork very user-friendly by providing great visual references throughout.  The user-friendly aspect is the book's strongest selling point, especially for artists who are new or novices at photography, or visually oriented (i.e., no patience for reading instructions that come with few or no pictures).  Mr. Saddington's book provides pictures of what makes a bad negative exposure/photograph, and provides a concise explanation for these results, and does the same for an example of a good negative exposure/photograph.  He also provides illustrations of setting up equipment and artwork for photographing.  The weakness of this book lies in the general details provided ... unfortunately, Mr. Saddington provides a limited amount of helpful hints and leaves out specific details for for problem shooting ... I base this opinion on my comparison of this book with a book called &quot;Photographing Your Artwork&quot; by Russell Hart.  If you buy Mr. Saddington's book, I'd recommend supplementing it with the purchase of Mr. Hart's book.  The two books complement each other.  Where Mr. Saddington's book lacks in details, Mr. Hart's book fills in the information gaps.  On the other hand, Mr. Hart's book is very text heavy and has very few illustrations ... so if you're a visually-oriented person, Mr. Saddington's book would easily compensate in the area of illustrating this very important process.  Again, Mr. Saddington's book is decent, but it should be used as a supplemental reference, especially for the visually-oriented person 
0 First off: I'd like it better if we had 1/2-star options. Judas Unchained really doesn't deserve a 2, more a 2-1/2 or 2-3/4.I have a love/hate relationship with Peter Hamilton's books. He's very adept at introducing interesting technology and making a faster-than-light society plausible but, as with a lot of these hard-science, libertarian SF authors, he badly needs an editor. I was skipping over multiple pages of irrelevance in both this book and its prequel, Pandora's Star. He also has far too many "main characters" who (despite 800+ pages) never seem to come alive. They all speak with essentially the same voice. And when he tries to individualize someone they come off as badly stereotyped '60s era hippies -- come on, does anyone seriously say "dude" in the real world much less the imagined future of the 24th century?And why is Hamilton so obsessed with sex with young (or rejuvenated) women?Hamilton's treatment of virtual immortality is hit and miss at best. On the one hand, the innate conservatism of an immortal civilization is well developed, represented and believable. On the other hand, the dynamics of the relationship between "old timers" and "first lifers" is unsatisfactory. In four centuries, for example, NO ONE has even attempted to unseat Nigel Sheldon from his position as head of the Sheldon dynasty? Perhaps the Commonwealth's continual expansion is the safety valve but even here, the government (controlled the eternal heads of these dynasties) controls it. Another point that is brought up briefly is why would anyone want to live forever if their life didn't change -- I mean the characters of a novel (almost by definition) are dynamic, go-get-'em types but most people just plod through their lives and then die. Why would anyone want to do that for lifetime after lifetime?The aliens are OK. The problem with them (and this is true of nearly every SF story) is that they tend to be one dimensional -- they're all of a singular type and all too often they really do just act like human beings with weird make up. (This is a problem in fantasy stories, too.) On the plus side, I do tip my hat to Hamilton for not allowing the humans to save themselves with an alien "deus ex machina." Ozzie's adventures in "Wonderland" (i.e., the silfen paths) do bring him to the adult silfen and he does find out the origins of the Dyson barriers but the knowledge doesn't really help anyone defeat the Primes.Overall, if you started with Pandora's Star, you probably should finish the journey with Judas Unchained. If you haven't started down this "silfen path," I recommend Alistair Reynolds, Tony Daniel or Iain Banks. They write similarly grand space opera but are better at it than Hamilton has proven himself to be to date 
0 Camenson definitely has experience in this career with many &quot;career books&quot; to her credit.  However, there are better books out there on writing with more information. This book follows the same old tired format that VGM books are 'not so' famous for.  The internet has more info for a lot less money 
0 Ernest Hemingway dies on page 161 of this 300-page book and so does author Valerie Hemingway's story. For that reason this book merits only two stars. Early in her story of meeting Hemingway in Spain in 1959 at age 19, Valerie is aware of the author's magnetic and dominant personality, "Around him everything came to life....There was an urgency and vitality that...did not ebb."When she stays focused on the story of Ernest Hemingway, this is an endearing look at the older, struggling Hemingway finding temporary renewal in the freshness of an innocent Irish girl who entered his life during the final drafts of "A Moveable Feast."But the youthful time spent with the famous writer works against this memoir since she was clearly neither as dedicated a correspondent or note taker as her subject. As a result, her recollections are thin and easily available in other sources such as A. E. Hotchner's "Papa Hemingway." The two years she spent living and traveling with Hemingway through Spain, Paris, Key West, Cuba, and America, share as much space as her weird marriage with Hemingway's strange son, Gregory (apparently the other "bull" referred to in the title). It shows the continuing vitality of Ernest Hemingway - even in death and over 40 years later - that a Valerie Hemingway can find a book deal for her meager remembrances of such a great man 
0 The author gives vague advice, the "calm down", "be objective" cliche  advice. If you don't believe me, I'm literally quoting him.Although the author tries to make his book seem original, as you can read, it's not merely about imagining yourself in positive circumstances, but mixed with the generic advice I mentioned. This is not something revolutionary, this is rehash. Save your money and go imagine yourself in a positive situation, you don't need to read hundreds of pages to do it, or spend $ on what to imagine 
0 I started reading this book hoping for the best.  In turn, I found that my hopes weren't fulfilled.  The beginning half was intriguing and kept me wanting more.  After the tone changed, the book became bitter and boring.  The characters lost their flare, and the whole book lost personality.  The book became dull and lost appeal to me.  The book's writing style, in the beginning, was original and fun.  Following the death of Little Red the book slowly fell apart, leaving me tempted to stop reading the book. If someone asked me to recommend a good book, this would not be the one 
0 I bought this book and was sorely disappointed. Nothing specific. Just lots of references to self analyzation to see what you think you want to do. You could do this yourself without a book 
0 This book contains reproducible mini-books, bingo cards, flash cards, some word search puzzles and fill-in activities.  In my opinion, the fill-ins are a bit too challenging.  I even had trouble with them.  The only thing in this book really "worth it" that I couldn't make as well myself, are the mini-books.  The mini-books each contain several different sight words, so they seem to me to be more effective for review of words the student has already learned than in the initial learning of them 
0 No, not really. Since this novella first appeared in Harper's some years back and then was the prologue in Underworld, this makes the third time it's appeared in print. And while it is brilliant, why buy this when you can buy Underworld for about the same price 
0 His fragmentary thoughts are difficult to follow. There is some wisdom here and there, but not worth the headache you'll get trying to decipher what is going on in his head. Here is an example:"If you say your own name to yourself at such a moment, it will seem utterly alien. You will then understand the sacrament of baptism." Huh?At first, I thought his writing may just be over my head, but after re-reading most of it, I realized it was just bad. It's like the whole book was written when he was high or something. Some very good ideas, but most can be found in other, better written books. 
0 This book is pretty much useless if you're looking for info on how to build a dulcimer.  Only about 60 pages of it actually talks about dulcimer making/repair.  The rest is a long winded history/bio of Homer Ledford.  Some of that is a bit interesting from an historical/cultural perspective, but the author beats it to death.  Homer wanted the book to be just on how to build and care for a dulcimer; the rest was the author's idea.  Dean Kimball's book on dulcimer making is better, although still lacking in some areas.  This book has no patterns or plans, few useful photos, and is weak in what instruction it does provide.  There are a few useful ideas but not worth the price of the book 
0 This is one of Kellerman's poorest books.  When you FINALLY get to what is going on, it is ridiculous.  Don't waste your time on this 
0 This book is more of an advertisement for Scoblete's other books, his writing buddies other books, and his golden touch craps siminar. This book gives no mention of how the reader can acomplish dice control, which is the reason I bought this book. The book is rather a collection of stories. Scoblete tells of people he met playing craps but he forgets to tell how to play craps. It would not surprise me at all if the characters in the book are made up, especially the Captain, the authors ultimate craps hero. I couldn't even finish this book. It was boring and repeated the same type of uninteresting stories all the way through, and left the reader with no knowledge gained. If you are interested in a good casino book I recomend something by Avery Cardoza or a book published by his company 
0 I really love to get these for my wife, surprises are best when I give them to her, and she enjoys all of them from this great author, but she and I were not happy when I thought I found another of this super special Portal Series :-(.  Having a new cover is nice but its a new publisher with nothing more than marketing in their minds, really hated to say this but we all know her books are super great, just know this is a reprint before you guy and like others, get a little ticked its not new after you fork over the cash and get your hopes up!Peace everyone :-)Jeff  
0 What I learned in this book could have been placed on 1 page.  Sure, business life is a challenge and your competitors are not your friends, but this book did not deliver on facts and details.  I don't see much difference between this book and the guru-books 
0 I cannot believe this book had such a high number of positive reviews. I have read some bad books in my life but this one is one of the absolute worst!I am amazed that all the references to CHILD murder and rape can be overlooked by the rest of the reviewers 
0 I was quite disappointed by this book, I was expecting something with more professional level content. It's all very amateur however, the artwork used in the examples is sub-professional at best.I was hoping that the book would deal with some of the specific Pre-Press issues relating to comics artwork, but the chapter there was frustratingly slight. You would be much better to buy a a more general pre-press book.The quality of the packaging and printing were also quite poor for a book that cost this much 
0 This book has a volume number - it is one of a series of monographs that have been published.  I am looking volume 231, but since you don't mention the volume number I don't know if this is the volume I'm seeking.  I will go elsewhere for my purchase 
0 ...if you're in the bathroom with time on your hands! I must admit that I did finish this book and was glad that the ordeal was over.  Puzo (like Leon Uris) definitely lost the touch near the end of his career and this book is no exception.  In just a few hundred pages, President Kennedy II is shown as a tyrant, a socialist, a reactionary, a humanitarian, a political bumbler, a visionary of USA utopia, a man who would kill a few thousand citizens to save himself from impeachment, a liar who can beat the ultimate lie detector, a dear and loving husband/father, etc....how many characters must one man be?  And what's this odd sub-plot of a former-Mormon/Hollywood oddball who on a whim (in less than 10 seconds of consideration when the opportunity presents itself) decides to kill the president of the United States.  Once again another character with fourteen different personalities!.  Puzo even got his basic facts wrong about the Mormons (he should have stuck with the Catholic Church). I would hate to be washed up on a deserted island and find this book washed up on the shore next to me! I would go crazy reading it again 
0 The book starts off ok with a good introduction of the various API's  and is ok reading up untill chapter 6 "Programming Linux Audio".  This is where the book fails terribly.  None of the audio samples will compile and the information about OpenAL is just plain wrong.  First the function used to open a WAV file is no the corerct function to use for linux.   The author uses the win32 version.  This is just the start of the openAL errors.  Minus one star!Second the book's two websites (one of which no longer exists (Loki) ) contains no errata and no way to contact the author.  The only information is avalible is a zip file of the books sample files (which do not compile of course).  Minus two stars!Ohter things about the book that did not work for me was the fact that the author uses C instead of C++.  While C is still used for game development , most programmers are attempting to migrate to C++ and OOD.  Books released about 1950 should reflect that!Second the author uses Tcl as a game scripting engine.  While I can agree to a point (based on the fact of the easy of implementation)  the author should have used a common scripting engine such as Lua.  (although the author does mention at the end of the book that Tcl was proably a bad idea.Third the author should have introduced Autoconf very early in the book instead of waiting untill Chapter 10.The main thing that I liked about the book was the good intro to programming with Linux in general.  The topics of linux debugging and Makefiles I thought was good (assuming you have experince in these areas on other platfoms).Also the coverage of SDL was a pretty good intro.  
0 I wasn't pleased with this book. I've read all of Ms. Warren's E-Books and I have to say they have a lot more fire. She lost a lot in this book.  Somewhere around the middle of the book, I started thinking "Did I actually buy a book this bad." Because I enjoyed her e books so much I didn't stop to think before purchasing it. I was so happy to have her book, I immediately called a friend who also drove to the book store to purchase the book.  Boy, Did I get it from her the next day. Because we don't believe in throwing money away, We're still stuggling to finish the book. Hopefully, there is light at the end of the tunnel. 
0 There are no doubt a few nuggets of wisdom in this book, but they are buried too deeply in bureaucratic gibberish to be worth digging up.  This book has no bibliography, no index, mediocre footnotes, no serious useful conclusions or strategic summary, and a disturbing combination of American-centrism (on page 71: &quot;In the Asian continent....(t)he first driver will be the future U.S. role in Asia.&quot;) with a lack of intelligent presentation.  There are exactly three figures and seven tables in this 336 page book, when there should have been at least 30 tables and figures illustrating specific sources of conflict in relation to specific countries.  The World Conflict and Human Rights Map (8 pages of graphics and 8 pages of fine print) out of Leiden University does vastly more to inform than does this book.  This book should never, ever have been published in its present form--I venture to say that if it were condensed to 150 pages and properly edited, with graphics and good synthesis, it might be worthy of a second look.  Time is the most precious commodity in the world--RAND managers and editors need to get serious about how they present possibly useful information to experts who want to know what RAND thinks, but cannot spare the time to get past cumbersome undisiplined--even lazy--preparations.  The topic of this book is extremely important--those who would invest their scarce time and money in doing research in this area deserve better from those who put together this book 
0 I actually know where Trieste was before I read this book.  Unfortunately I have never visited the city.  I wanted to read this travel book about this famous city, but after a few chapters, I wondered where the book was going to.  After the final chapter, I still do not know what the author's intentions was with this book.  Perhaps I don't read too many travel books.  Obviously the city means a lot to the author, but she did not express it clearly in her writing.  I was scratching my head at the end, and wondering what I read.I learned a little about the city, but not in relation to the amount of time I spent reading this short book.  The city of James Joyce and Maximillian.  The imperial port of the Austo-Hungarian Empire.  The meeting point of Slav, German, and Latin Empires.  One of the ending points of the Iron Curtain.  This city breeds interest and yet the author took us on a round about journal that confuses the reader.  I am sure the author's other books are good, her last one was not the greatest.  
0 If you can learn to dance by reading a book whose recommendation was to hold your partner and &quot;move to the music&quot;, then you may find &quot;Kaizen Event Implementation Manual&quot; useful. This book talks about the history and terminology of lean manufacturing and does go into detail about team member selection. After that, this book shows blank forms of some of the data analysis forms often used during a kaizen event, but tells you nothing of how to complete the forms and analyze the results. Nor is there any &quot;road map&quot; or guidelines for conducting a kaizen event itself. There is information about how to contact the author in the event that you decide to hire him to &quot;fill in all blanks&quot; in person. The book is simply another info-mercial where in this case, you are paying for the advertisement 
0 I didn't have especailly high hopes for this book. I think there has been a gradual decline in the quality of HH books over the years, and this one brings it to a new low. Basically, it's waaaaaay too long. At 850 pages, it's a monster read, and a slow one. That's not always a bad thing - sometimes if you like the characters it's nice to just hang out with your friends for page after page. But not here. Why is it necessary to describe in detail the exact movements of a treecat using sign language? For several paragraphs? More than once? Why are we given pages of liturgy for religious services? I think I'd be in a very small minority when I confess that I quite like the 1662 Prayer Book, though I can't quite work out why it would be revived in the distant future when it's been out of use here for decades! Maybe it was easy to cut and paste, and got the word count up.And then there's the space combat - a strength of the series, especially the first three or four. But there's the rub - there are only so many ways you can describe a spaceship blowing up. By the 11th book in the series I can't be the only person out there whose eyes are beginning to glaze over when we get to the battle sequences.But the big problem - spoiler alert! - is the way in which Weber solves the love triangle we left the last book with. Honor loves Hamish. Emily loves Hamish. Hamish loves Honor and Emily. What to do? It turns out that there's an easy solution. After about 400 pages of agonising (not to mention most of the previous book) it seems that Honor can marry them both. A bit outre? Seemingly not - apparently such arrangements fall well within the accepted norms of Manticoran law and custom. (Although we've never had a whiff of this before.) But what really gets me is that the reason it didn't happen about halfway through the last book is that (get this), gosh, no-one thought of it. It seems that no-one ever told Mr Weber that if you shoot someone with a gun in Act V, the gun better have been hanging on the wall in Act I.All-in-all, I can only say, please Mr Weber. It is time to bring the series to an end. Please do it soon 
0 I can tell you first hand how Amazon makes easy money. I am a formal seller here at Amazon. Not a big seller,but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.However Amazon allows dishonest buyer's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller's in getting their merchandise back. Sounds like retail fraud to me!! I wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.They are truly at the bottom! 
0 The joke here is that Krugman is convinced he can write.  He ends his little intro with the smug assertion that "maybe economists can write after all," offering himself as proof.  (Krugman cannot write well, but he has mastered the clumsy, undistinguished style of a bad lit professor---the kind of tenured mediocrity that dominates academic publishing---an accomplishment he's very proud of.  To use his own favorite "emphasizing" gimmick: Krugman stinks---full stop.)The punchline is that shortly afterward, The New York Times hired him.  It was a match made in middlebrow heaven.  (I should add that I do like the substance of Krugman's newspaper articles, if not the style.  An enemy of the current White House is a friend of mine.)As far as the economics go, he's pro-NAFTA and pro-"free trade" just like all establishment economists, and completely unwilling to critique the real forces at work in international markets.  Don't waste your time 
0 I must agree witht he reviewer who commented about the book being written by committee.   The narrative is choppy and lacking not only key details, but also historical background.   Because it's an autobiography, I don't necessarily think that it's fair to damn the book for being self-centered; it IS about him.   I do feel, however, that the book needs better editing and a bit more self-examination.   It's an okay addition to one's list of books about Everest expeditions - which I must admit, I've developed a morbid fascination with after recently re-reading "Into Thin Air".   I wouldn't, however, use it as my primary source for information or impressions 
0 Ok, you guys.  As I have stated, this book let me down!  It practically ends on page 195, and there's still 65 pages to go!  My advice-Don't even start it.  Also, I tried The Killer's Cousin. I wasn't pleased with that, either.  So, my conclusion: If you're looking for a good read, don't expect Nanxy Werlin to fulfill your needs.  If you need good, suspenseful stories, try Lois Duncan or Caroline B. Cooney!  One great, outstanding, wonderful book: Swimmer-Graham Masterton 
0 This book was so simplistic. I was quite disappointed. You get the impression his main goal was simply to reassure people that they are normal after all. A worthy goal, but when discussing something as complex as sexual fantasies I really think one should try to pursue things to their limit. He really held back from delving into any dark territory. His explanations for why someone enjoys certain things left out quite a bit. He always managed to put a happy, positive spin on everything, which is nice, but life isn't that simple 
0 This is the sort of book for paranoid people addicted to conspiracy theories. They would rather believe a fanciful lie than the mundane truth.Though I don't agree with most of what's written in this book, I don't regret buying it. It teaches me how to con ignorant people with high tech jargon and conspiracy theories. If people BELIEVE that amalgams or metal restorations are the cause of their headaches, fatigue or whatever symptoms, then removing them will definitely cure them. That's how faith healing works.The only reason why I don't use amalgam in my practice is because I do cosmetic dentistry. If the patient does not mind the colour, amalgam is definitely a superior direct filling material for Class 2 and subgingival preps. I have absolutely no qualms about having that done for myself.Toxicity? Sure, some people are affected by amalgams and anything can be toxic to somebody, but let's not forget that these cases are extremely rare (perhaps less than 10 on this planet and most of them would be Chinese). There are literally thousands of tests and studies establishing amalgams as safe filling materials over the last 100 years. There are numerous studies that show how safe amalgams are. If Dr Breiner has been to Asia where we have much healthier diets and lifestyles, he may notice that we also have many healthy 70 to 90-year-old Asian men and women who have gold and amalgam-filled teeth in their mouths.Are composites totally safe? The incidence of allergic reactions to composites (very low) is higher than that of amalgam toxicity. This is something the author failed to inform us. All his anecdotal evidence are almost laughable as they are not supported by independent studies and sceptical parties. Not one case he mentioned can be conclusively attributed to amalgam. Mercury can be very toxic, but after tituration and amalgamation, the metal remains in the solid state and is not absorbed by the body. It's different from inhaling mercury vapour daily, injecting or ingesting mercury or mercuric compounds.At the end of the day, propagating such beliefs will only spark panic, paranoia and various psychosomatic "illnesses". Following Breiner's protocols for "detox", patients will only be paying a fortune for otherwise very simple dental work. Gosh, with so many gullible patients in America, I should probably move my practice to America and start doing amalgam detox instead of honing my skills for cutting crowns, bridges and sinking implants 
0 What a chore this book was to read.  If it weren't for my OCD about finishing books that I start, I would've read the first couple of chapters and then given up.It seems like a wannabe-suspense, but it's not.  It seems like there might be a love story in it, but there's not.  It feels like there might be a creepy angle in it, but there is not.  What I can gather about this book is that the author thinks she's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy.  She tries to make a connection, but falls WAY short.  Read Vinegar Hill - that one was worth it.  Pass Midnight Champagne by 
0 The plot in Final Analysis is trite and overused and the characters are flat and stock. Tedious and painful to read 
0 Grudem seems to have a very distorted and confused vision of Christ.  We can only hope that Evangelical become more like Christ.  Jesus was the first real liberal and the most radical of liberals.   If Jesus of Nazareth was anything, he was an extraordinary friend of the down- trodden, definitely a Liberal, whose advocacy on their behalf so infuriated the ultra-Conservative religious and political leaders of his day that they had him killed to prevent the public from hearing the very liberal teaching that you will see quoted abundantly in Jesus' own words on this web site !         Those who actually know what the Bible says about the life and teaching of Jesus recognize that far from being like Jesus of Nazareth, today's "Religious Right" are much more like the kind of clerics who battled this revolutionary prophet from the day he opened his mouth until the day they had him nailed to a cross.  Although these people claim to represent Jesus Christ, they rarely quote his teaching or follow his example.  What they do instead is use his name ("in vain")  to promote their ideas, ideas which Jesus himself did not teach, and might well have opposed. 
0 I love "The number one detective agency" series, and hoped for the same writing quality in this collection of folk tales.  Unfortunately there was no narrative flow, making the stories stilted and un-interesting.  Maybe a narrative explaining the lessons would have helped.I suggest this book only for those interested in collecting african fable 
0 I bought this book and also Last Night based upon the gushing reviews you see above.  Who are they kidding? The main character is a cad.  It is far from "a tour de force" in erotic anything. His short stories in Last Night are only marginally better. Your time is better spent with other authors 
0 If you have had any exposure to good literature, you will find this novel nearly insufferable. The symbolism is cliche, narrative style predictable and unoriginal, and the book as a whole is this woman's self-indulgent notion that the story of her family makes a good read. If she had any creative ability, she could use her family history as a starting point, but she does very little to distinguish her writing as exciting and fresh. Dull, dry, predicatable, callow, and unfortuantly a requirement from a lit professor who has insulted my eight semesters as an English student 
0 As a dad, I was really looking forward to a book on potty training to help me with my 2-year old. This book is lousy though. Why?1. Stupid Writing. I got pretty sick of constantly reading all the sappy, "witty" remarks. "Dancing the Potty Mambo"? Give me a break!2. Stupid Advice. This book keeps telling you to talk to your kid like he/she is an adult. I'm sorry, but a 2-year-old just cannot comprehend a long drawn-out explanation of why you want them or don't want them to do something. How about just saying, "Don't do that!" or "Hey, you want to try this?" That seems to work just fine for me. Why give your kid a doctoral dissertation every time you want them to do something? What's wrong with just telling your kid what to do (nicely), and expecting them to be obedient? 3. Repeating Content. This book kept repeating itself OVER and OVER. Okay, I got it already! I strongly feel that the author wanted to push this book over the 200-page mark when all that needed to be said could probably have been accomplished in about 50 pages (or less).4. Too Many References. This book constantly refers to other chapters. I once counted 6 different references to other chapters on one page. I am not kidding! Huh? Is potty training really that freakin' complicated? All I want is some general ideas on how to go about it, how to get started, and a few good tips. I don't need all these detailed references. (Nor do I need the phrase "Potty Mambo" repeated to me ad infinitum.)Here is all I wanted to know:-How do I get started?-What do I do?-How often do I need to try it?-Should I go for pullups or just keep him in diapers for the moment?Maybe this book got to all of that, but I quit after page 60. I just couldn't take it anymore. After hearing the phrases "Stay Positive" and "Potty Mambo" repeated to me for the umpteenth time, I had to quit. I returned this book and got my money back.If I were to say anything good about this book, I would say that it has a few good tips, surrounded by about 180 pages of filler.Potty training still looms ahead. Will I be successful? Probably. But to this book I say, No Thanks 
0 The text gets 5 stars for the orientation, organization, and the on-line resources for the text. It describes exactly what you would want in an Applied Corporate Finance course. Unfortunately, I have to deduct 3 stars because the text contains too many typos and smple calculations which I specifically want my students not to make. This has been frustrating for my students, as well as myself. However, I am confident that when this problem is cleaned up, the book will be among the best Applied Corporate Finance text in the market. I strongly recommend a new, corrected edition 
0 I have introduced many of my ELL, high school students to Lois Lowery and the depth of her characters. She is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds. I was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this January. Although the series is written for 6th graders and older, this book's simplicity, in its message, language and writing style will inspire no one.  I am sadly disappointed 
0 Just know this book has you developing code in the SDK, not Visual Studio .NET.  If anything that should turn you away from buying this.  Any .NET programmer WILL be working with Visual Studio and not an SDK.  The SAMS teach yourself C# in 24 hours was completely written for VS .NET, so I am confused as to why this book was not.Get another book as this one will be only of use for terminology and OOP theory.  It was a waste on Money for me. 
0 I love fairy tales!  I was so excited to see the author of Beauty had another retelling.  Spindles End has me very confused.  I am plugging through it and hope when I am done with it a second time I can give it more stars.  I would not recommend it for younger readers 
0 The only reason Susan McCrook wouldn't talk was she was afraid she'd end up taking an ADN (Arkansas dirt nap). Case closed 
0 This poorly executed story drags on for too long while the town waits for the return of Sister North. In the end, we really don't care if she ever returns. The ending is cliched and predictable. A waste of time 
0 I too read the TA for Tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago.  She loved it a lot so I've been looking for it again, this time for my grand-daughter.  Even though the title is different from the original one I knew, I purchased it and  read it as soon as I received it.  Bottomline: this story is _not_ the original one and I don't like it at all.  Other than showing stereotypical Happy Prince and Princess fairy tale characters (which I can live with up to a point), I saw bunches of red flags when I got to the evil witch, drawn with a full-blown ugly face "who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan".  Unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies.  Without enough warm fuzzies (we read earlier) it puts people "in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die".  Ouch.  So instead of embracing the wisdom of old women, here we have another story that villifies them (OK, I'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all).  No, it's not funny, and there is no way I would introduce this book to any child.  The book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are, as the original book did.  Too bad, for using images of "warm fuzzies" and "cold pricklies" is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children.  I am returning the book. 
0 Overall, I found this book disappointing.  In its defense, its basic thesis of the movement of Jewish American Orthodoxy towards the `right' (more closed and intensely religious) is interesting, and I am sure accurate, and Heilman's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched.  However, I was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray Hareidi society through the prism of its own value system, or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all. Heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader, and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations. Examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture.  Hareidi society has its own worldview which, although too complex to elaborate on here, has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values, reasons which Heilman completely disparages or ignores.  (For an example of a book that is not written by a religious author, yet is able to appreciate Hareidim from their own perspective try "Real Jews" by Noah Efron).  In general, I found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct (i.e. a defensive reaction to the Holocaust) to be grossly insensitive to the Hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition. The latter half of the book I found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information.  For example the juxtaposition of poster A condemning something to a poster advertising B implies that poster A is condemning B as well.  Or two posters (put out by the same company) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music.  In conclusion, although I eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent, my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information. 
0 I have to admit the title and discription of this book was very alluring but it was merely a mask. I have had the book for two months and just cannot seem to get though it. Although the first few pages were very catching with the author immediately opening with a murder scene that is discribed with enormous detail; it just doesn't click for me. I f ind it very hard to read more than a paragraph at a time and the story seems to jump around everywhere causing confusion of both characters and storyline. Surely if you can get through the first few chapters it may become interesting but I just cannot do it my self 
0 Unless you are interested in reading one chapter after another plugging Bear Spray, don't waste your time.  The stories are all re-hashed versions of nearly identical situations; Man goes into the wilderness-Man sees bear-Man uses UDAP Bear Spray on bear-bear retreats.  This book is one long advertisement for UDAP!!  My book was actually misprinted, missing 50 pages right in the middle.  Initially I wanted to return my book for a complete one but, after reading the rest of 223 pages, I didn't want to waste any more of my time with this ONE story 
0 If this man took a the time to know the history of U.S. involvment in Panama he would know that it was the U.S. that put Noriega in power in the first place.it was also the U.S. that killed the previouse leader of Panama,Omar TorriJos.Who apposed U.S. control of his county. The united states has used Panama for its own gains without regard for the freedom or rights of the Panamanian people since the take over of the country by President Roosevelt in 1903.One of many good books about the truth of Panamanian History is by John Perkins "Confessions of an Economic Hitman" 
0 We went to a book siging to get this book. Truthfully, I wasn't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype. T.O. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity. I was surprised this book was so well written. My four year old wants me to read it over and over again. He doesn't like for me to read to him but he loves this book! It is the perfect book for children. Its not too short but not too long. I have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days. I would recommend this book to anyone with small children. It is great book for little boys because of the football theme. However, the lesson is something everyone can appreciate. Great Book 
0 One star is too generous!  AAARRRGGGH!  I am still mad about this book and I read it 3 books ago!  I loved Ted Dekker's "Three" and I enjoyed Peretti's children's books I read with my kiddos, so I was looking forward to the arrival of a collaboration.  But it was utterly silly!  If I start a book, I have to finish it.  Okay, that's my own fault, but I had to MAKE myself read this to get it over with!  I wanted to burn the book when I was finished to make sure nobody else I knew ever read my copy.  The ending?  Well, "Shoo!  Get out of here!"  was embarrassing!  Shame on you, Frank and Ted 
0 When I discovered the existence of this novel, I was enthusiastic and intrigued. Unfortunately, my hopes were more or less dashed as I trundled my way through the 382 pages. KLEOPATRA focuses on the famous queen's early years - a period of time of which we have no record - and the intrigues that haunted and led to the demise of any semblance of a family (something she may have compensated for in adulthood). What I liked: 1). The spelling of Kleopatra/ Cleopatra with a "K"- it really does emphasize that Hellenistic connection; 2) Kleopatra's strength of character- Essex's general characterization is appropriate and it's easy to see what Kleopatra will become. Although the novel is a noble attempt by Karen Essex, it just didn't work for me. The character of Berenike as an Amazon seemed a bit far-fetched. And although I loved Kleopatra's love interest (I won't give away his name!), I felt it was a bit far-fetched as well, almost as if Essex was pressured into a love story from the publisher or something. Kleopatra's Dionysian rites were also a little hard to believe, as was Mohama. There were also scenes of random sex that were a bit... unnecessary. Overall, although Kleopatra was a strong, believable character, she was in the minority. The novel as a sort of back-story to the Queen of Egypt didn't work as it was weighed down by the elements of fiction! At least the sequel is better. For fiction that works, check out The Memoirs of Cleopatra by Margaret George. 
0 Other reviewers have taken pains to outline the "plot" of this baby boomer bodice ripper. Suffice it to say author Kathryn Harrison, scrupulously adhering to some private conviction that "more is better" , offers estrangement between identical twins, loss of a child, incest, paternity confusion, mid-life crisis and spiteful erotomania as it crops up in the life of one understandably confused New York shrink. This reader was aching for the hero, Will, to book himself onto Jerry Springer while feeling immensely shortchanged by lines from Ms Harrison like "It's just...it's...What is it? Will doesn't have a word for what he feels." (Perhaps the character lacks the emotional vocabulary to communicate with the reader: the author, however, should not. In any case, those are lousy, lazy sentences among so many examples.)In addition to being insufferably, cartoonishly silly, the book is wounded by a dreary internal structure. Bad things happen to Will-the-shrink, Will then regurgitates them at length to HIS shrink, then buttonholes his wife to regurgitate what happened, what he thinks happened, and what he thinks about what his shrink thinks. As for Ms Harrsion's "famous" sex scenes. They practically lie on their backs, fondling their adverbs and panting for Penthouse approval: "She's unbelievably wet and tight and impossibly, almost unnaturally, slippery.""Envy", by the way, is Ms Harrison's 11th book and she should, by now, be getting things more right than wrong 
0 This "book" is probably the worst written I've ever encountered. It was so flawed as to be considered literature. Alice Walker tries to "One-up" Harriet Beecher Stowe, in writing about brutality. Titles like these are weapons used in the Anti-Black Male agenda this society has long perpetuated. All the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting. The women are portrayed as martyred, forlorn, pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell. The only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women. I've learned long ago, when absolutes such as these are presented, a greater agenda is at work. There are no "real" men in this book! Only distorted caricatures of Black masculinity. I only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst. I find this title as dangerous as Hitler's "Mien Kampf", in it's portrayal of Black men as evil and morally destitute. Presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible. True, there are criminally abusive men in every culture. But there are also forthright, upstanding  men as well. To present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity, only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about. Harriet Beecher Stowe's fictional "Uncle Tom's Cabin", sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war. This title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of Black Men. This book is fiction. However,it is not presented as such. I'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents. I have no qualm about outrage at such abominations. However, I do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations. That is what I find so unbelievable and offensive about this book. In my opinion, this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers/viewers of the people within it. I don't find it a testament to the strength of Black Women at all. I interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of African-American culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the Black Male as being hopelessly inhuman.I'm sure Alice walker made a lot of money with this book. Feminist, racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature. I wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades, were it a fictional depiction of White American Men brutalizing White Women. Most definitely not!!! I doubt it would have even found a publisher. America is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of Black Men and African-American culture.My life as a Black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion. Whatever Ms. Walker's motivations were in writing this novel, I'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted. This is racist, misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature! 
0 Herf applies a very simplistic test to determine the Nazification of both Germanies: did they side with Israel in the Middle East version of the Cold War or did they not? The trial against Paul Merker in the East, which had as its background East Germany's reluctance to pay reparations to expropriated Jews, serves as his prime evidence for the continuation of things Nazi in the GDR. But both of these arguments completely ignore the Marxist ideology underlieing the rationale of the East German leadership and bypass more complicated issues of political allegiance. Moreover, they totally eclipse the East German cultural discourse on the Holocaust, a discourse that was decades ahead of discussions in the West and still proves to be more sophisticated than most that is being written in Western academia. 
0 Eliot Cohen has an impressive background in policy work (OSD) and academia (Naval War College and Harvard).  I had high hopes for this book because I thought his experience with the military combined with his academic work would produce a focused and well-grounded work.  I was disappointed.  I never really bought his argument that political leaders can lead war better than generals.  He seemed to cherry pick leaders than fit his mold.  I could not believe that someone who works so closely with the military would generalize military leadership in such a stereotypical way.   The article might have made a good article in a foreign affairs journal, but the author seemed to fill out the book with a lot of interesting but not really relevant historical stories and facts.  The Lincoln chapter providing nothing that has not been stated numerous times in more detailed and focused work.  The Churchill chapter was the best. Cohen obviously has extensively studied Churchill.  His sections on how the historical view of Churchill have ebbed and flowed over the years was well done, thought not rally tied to the focus of the book.  I learned the most from the Ben-Gurion, since I knew the least about him.  The book may be useful to an undergraduate class studying political leadership or foreign policy, but beyond that the book unfortunately offers little that is new or of great interest.    
0 I was trying my hardest to be creept out, but like someone said, it read like a pre-teen novel. 
0 When I first picked up Drinking Coffee Elsewhere, I was excited to have the chance to read something that so many people seemed to enjoy.  And, truthfully, it's not a horrible book.  It is entertaining, the style works, etc.  On that note, if you're looking for a fun read and don't plan on thinking about it too much, then by all means, get it.  My problem with the book is that it doesn't deserve all the acclaim it's getting-- if you want something that breaks boundaries or adds a new voice to the current socio-political situation of America, this is not your book.Probably one of the major problems with the collection is that it's heralded as a riveting commentary on the plight of the African American female. Packer has very little new to say, and most of the underlying themes of the stories have not only been said previously by Alice Walker and other writers, but have also have been said better by those authors.  Drinking Coffee Elsewhere is no more than a watered down version of You Can't Keep a Good Woman Down, a book that, while having its own problems, would probably be a better use of your time and money if you're really interested in the social commentary in the text.Even from the literary standpoint, it's not terribly outstanding.  The characters are stereotypes; the plots are predictable.  The adult female protagonists are all essentially the same person-- an intelligent outsider who struggles with race, religion, and fitting in-- and are generally pretty ornery about it as they do so.  The other protagonists are the same, just not so irritable.  Similar to this lack of variation in her characters, Packer varies little in her narrative style.  Yes, the language is pretty at times, but there is no experimentation with language or structure; all of the writing is in a highly generic voice.  Finally, the stories themselves contain scenes that aren't necessary and that detract from the actual narrative.In short, Drinking Coffee Elsewhere proves that what it takes to sell a lot of books isn't actual talent, but how much your publisher backs you.  Packer had the good fortune to have famous mentors and to be the product of some highly acclaimed writing programs, which resulted in her being picked up by a big name publisher who could pay to get her name out 
0 It's a bad idea to create a character-driven sci-fi when your characters are this annoying.  The majority of Children of the Mind consists of inane dialogue between characters that are impossible to care about.  The characters are so one-dimensional and predictable that you already know what they'll say before they say it.  Peter says nothing except smart alecky remarks, Val spends the whole book whining loudly about not being a real person, Novinha is as crazy and hard-headed as she's been for the last two books, and Ender spouts off a bunch of trite, up-with-people garbage every chance he gets.  Somehow, Card even managed to make Jane more irritating than my ex-girlfriend during PMS.  The only decent characters in this book are Miro and Wang Mu, and they aren't nearly enough to save the story.I admit it: I only made it a little over half-way through Children of the Mind.  I couldn't take the dialogue anymore.  That's not to mention the ridiculous plot, which centers on two children warping around the universe, engaging in philosophical discussions with caricatures of Japanese and Polynesian culture, in an attempt to avert a war between species.If you're that curious to learn how the Ender Quartet concludes, do what I should've done from the beginning: find a plot synopsis somewhere and save yourself the pain of reading this garbage 
0 Talk about self-absorbed...I guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...I thought the man made some good points, but few are helpful to anyone in the real world (or outside  the newspaper business).  Nausea sets in after the second chapter.   Neuharth will die an old, lonely, rich man.  Respected by many, hated by  nearly all.  Luckily, I didn't have to sit through this entire book.  I put  it down quickly 
0 I am so sorry that I bought this book.  It is unfortunate that you do not have a Penguin or Everyman's Library edition.  First of all the book is too large to read in bed.  Secondly, whoever did the proofreading should be fired.  There are so many typographical errors that it really upsets and disturbs the reading.  If the postage were not so expensive from Israel, I would return the book to Amazon 
0 This book can be very damaging if you approach it with the idea that it is absolute truth.  As some readers have complained, this is not really a "Christian" book because the focus isn't on Christ, it's on YOU.  A Biblically centered way of dating would put the focus on loving other people unconditionally, the way Jesus would, and not on trying to "find the perfect spouse."  The whole premise of the book is rather un-Christlike:  making yourself enticing enough to the opposite gender that someone would want to marry you.  It's rather selfish, really, when you consider the words of John the Baptist: "Christ must become more, I must become less," as well as the warning in Song of Solomon "Do not awaken love until it so desires."  Shouldn't our primary goal be to glorify Christ and not search for earthly shortcuts to fulfilling our desires?  Finding a spouse is not like science nor business which have clear procedures or even guidelines.  Hearts can be broken, and therefore authentic, Christlike love must take precedence.  I don't mean to sound accusing, but this book borders close to the type of manipulation that the world cleverly calls "seduction."My brother humorously commented that the book also tries to turn you into a "poser." This happens when 'forcing yourself' to be more masculine or feminine in order to entice the opposite sex.  You have to ask:  What kind of people are you trying to attract...people who are enticed by your masculinity/femininity or people who are excited about you for who truly are?  I personally would rather a lady be attracted to me for my fruits of the spirit than my looks or personality.It is a combination of both action and faith that is important.  Faith to set the situations up.  Action to knock em down 
0 Someone gave me this book as a gift -- why, I have no idea. This book is about as intelligent as a TV sitcom, about as funny as a TV sitcom, and generally at the level of a TV sitcom. I found it neither funny, inspiring nor interesting. It is, in the final analysis, proof that any book that purports to be about &quot;strong&quot; or &quot;outrageous&quot; women will immediately sell thousands of copies, regardless of the piffle between the covers, and is thus a triumph of marketing over everything. Probably best for teenaged girls who don't read much. It's no worse than TV, I guess 
0 Surely there's more to chinese youth culture than descriptions of affairs with tall western men. Being a fan of Pearl Buck's books on China, I was looking for more contemporary accounts of chinese culture. But this book was so dissapointing.A "goodlooking" shangaiese woman gives vacuous details of her affair with a tall german man. While her doped impotent chinese boyfriend simple wastes away (why was he even in the story?)The writing is totaly lacking in any kind of talent. "I was willing to assume her glow was due to her romance than her shiseido face cream ...". Need I say more?If you want to read an account of a totally self absorbed woman infatuted with caucasian men, indulging in meaningless affairs, which probably boosts her self esteem, read this. But there's nothing worthy about China or chinese culture in this. 
0 This book (I believe) is one of Lem's earlier stories and it reads like so-so pulp sci-fi. Fiasco (a true 5 star science fiction novel) picks up the idea of contacting a new world and does it so much better. I suggest reading this only if you are a Lem completist (I've read all of his stuff except 2 books) 
0 I looked through this book at a craft store the other day, and as a person who loves the ocean and seashells, I found maybe one project in here that I would consider making.  Just about every project uses a ridiculous amount of shells so imagine the cost would be prohibitive and for this reason projects look overly ornate.  Unless that is the look you are seeking to accomplish, I wouldn't recommend this book.  Try to find "Decorating with Seashells" by Anita Louise Cran 
0 I have not read the original version of this work, but the translation lacks originality and art. A beautiful story, but the writing style lacks grace and creativity. This is the only time I have liked a movie better  than the book. Do yourself a favor and skip the book. The movie is quite  beautiful and moving 
0 I bought this book, the paperback version. The text is good, it describes all his letters and tries to do a lot of explanations too. However the prints of his paintings are not that impressive.  They are very dark prints. Go for some other book if you want to see the corect colors of his paintings 
0 This book is similar to going to a poor movie sequel. There is nothing new and it bores you with percentages.  The title and cover are the best aspects of the book - once you open it and begin reading, it quickly goes downhill.  Save your money - I wish I had 
0 Not that great. A far better read is "Sun, Sin And Suburbia: An Essential History Of Modern Las Vegas" by Geoff Schumacher.  
0 Have to agree with earlier post, book looks nice and clear but numerous errors make actually using (vs. just browsing) the material very difficult.  7th edition ADI section has numerous mislabed equations, incorrect data values, unfortunate.  Suggest look elsewhere for a numerical analysis book 
0 Save yourself time and buy any book by Greg LeMond (Greg Lemond's Complete Book of Bicycling) or John Howard (John Howard's The Cyclist's Companion) -- they are both far better writers, well-rounded bicyclists, and honorable family men -- good role models for all true cycling athletes, young and old alike.  Lance Armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book, but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion.  Lance Armstrong would sell his own grandmother's last pair of socks in order to succeed -- leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the Tour de France.  He sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn.  Better to settle down with Greg LeMond's wonderful book for real depth, excitement, and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well 
0 Read the Microsoft documents, white papers and manuals on the Microsoft web site instead.  This book offers no easier approach to understanding than the techno-drill available from Microsoft.Who writes these reviews anyway?  I can't believe anybody really liked this book 
0 If you like Redon for his vibrant color, look for another book. Dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired Redon's imagery are the main topics of this book. Most of the many examples are black and white drawings. However, the real magic of Redon is his use of color in his mature works. This was not adequately represented.  
0 Ch.9 - Heated Moments - graphic details of a girl starting her period. Writing makes it seem that a girl's period is something wrong 
0 Is that those who read it and believe it, believe they actualy have girlfriends!!! Come on! admit it you are guys who wear black sabbath t-shirts and live in your parents basements. You also believe that you can get control of you live by chanting some spells from a book made to get your money.  Look, go get a hair cut, take a bath and loose 10 pounds and you will probably get that girl friend that you talk about.  Oh by the way the Necronomicon is fiction! . . except for the real copy that is in my basement, in my parents house where I used to live when I was 15 
0 This book is the worst book ever. I didn't know there could possibly be a book this bad. If you are required to read this book like me, i feel bad for you. Do NOT read this book for pleasure because it is not a pleasant book. It is painful to read. If you are STILL thinking of reading this bad book, DON'T READ IT!! take my advice. 
0 I will not lash out against anyone, and I will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious, ostentatious egotism. That said, let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes Jesus of Nathareth's solutions extremely difficult to accept. First off, it doesn't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of Jesus's morals in general terms. If we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us, then we must provide a trenchant analysis of Jesus's codices. The key point here is that Jesus's older analects were deluded enough. His latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale. Jesus's peuplade appears to be growing in number. I indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet I keep reminding myself that Jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations, circumvent any further litigation, and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death -- all by trumping up a phony emergency. His desire to control your bank account, your employment, your personal safety, and your mind is the chief sign that he's a slaphappy caitiff. (The second sign is that Jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo "treatment" to cure my "problem".) Perhaps I'm reading too much into Jesus's ravings, but they don't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests. Jesus's prcis are Pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent, noxious feudalism. That's pretty transparent. What's not so transparent is the answer to the following question: Does Jesus's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities? A clue might be that every time he tries, Jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions. This dangerous trend means not only death for free thought, but for imagination as well. Jesus's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity. And his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing. (Remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil?) Jesus of Nathareth has an agenda -- a political, social, and cultural agenda. And that's all I have to say. 
0 I have an Amazon bookmark that advertises Ludlum's book "The Sigma Protocol". It says "In Ludlum's latest, an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy." Well gee. That's the plot of THIS book as well. Come to think of it, that's the plot of every book by the man that I've read. A 'vast right wing conspiracy' is set to take over the world. They have small armies, a lot of money and a plan. This time around, a group of military men (naturally) plan to foment terror, and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world (laugh not - millions in the Middle East and far Left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines). Enter "ordinary man" Joel Converse. He's a Vietnam vet and P.O,W. who thought he had left that life far behind. It's up to him to save the world. He will survive certain death several times (the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive, and they just HAVE to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger). He will find love, and he'll visit several European cities to boot. Of course, a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels (how else would you believe that a Nazi and an Israeli are on the same side?), but Ludlum's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just couldn't write. His dialogue writing is always tedious, and sometimes just painful to read. Action scenes are generic. The only thing he could do right is character background, but that's not enough to save this. "The Aquitaine Progression" might make a half decent TV movie, but to endure 700 pages is just too much 
0 I quote from GLIMPSES OF THE DEVIL, p. 215: "...after spending a half hour with that book, GODS' MAN. I called [a nun, six years my senior, who has been my spiritual director for more than twenty-five years] sobbing with a complex of emotions, including hatred for the author, disgust at the book, rage at its destructiveness, sorrow for all the other young boys and girls who had been the book's victims, and a feeling of deep contamination that I had received just from looking at it. After we spoke, I sent her my newly purchased copy and she called me back to agree that it was the single most destructive thing she had ever seen in her fifty-plus years." Undoubtedly, Dr. Peck's strong emotional reaction was due to the destruction the book wrought in the life of one of Peck's patients. But now you are forewarned 
0 If you adore the intellect and see in it the only way to the highest, purest, and most divine knowledge, than this is your book--but it isn't mine.  Page after page of speculation about the higher realms open only to  a mind freed from the crude considerations of the flesh....I kept hoping  that Plotinus would realize his vision and disappear before finishing, but  it didn't happen 
0 Frankly, this book brings nothing new. We already know everything there is to know about Jackie and Diana don't we? I sincerely regret having paid such a high price to read what I already knew! I found the book &quot;Mrs. Kennedy&quot; much much more interesting 
0 Paul Ehrlich may understand butterflies more than most of us do, but he definitely does not understand how the real world in general and the human society in particular works. He just does not seem to have sufficiently organized brain cells to think realistically about the world.This book starts with the bold statement that "he had understood the population explosion for quite some time". Nevertheless, the whole book proves that it's not the case. All his reasoning is based on the worst possible extrapolation of the worst imaginable short-term trend. His assumptions therefore include the "intelligent" assumption that there won't ever be any technological progress in the future; the climate will evolve in the worst possible way, and so forth. It's not surprising that he predicted that there would be mass starvation in the U.S. in the 1980s, and even when this was shown to be complete nonsense, he repeated the same prediction for the 1990s.Why does he - and people like him - continue to produce predictions that have been humiliated so many times by the actual course of history? It's because of their religion. Maybe they don't call it a "religion", but it is a religion nevertheless. Jehovah's Witnesses typically believe that there is going to be a judgement day. Because it did not occur in 1918 and other years for which it was predicted, they are a bit more careful and vague in their predictions nowadays. Malthus had done very similar errors as Ehrlich, but you may think that in the 20th century, people could know more than Malthus knew many years ago. But Ehrlich does not know more.In some sense, even Karl Marx himself could be viewed as a producer of catastrophic predictions. Marx predicted that something wrong would occur with capitalism as such, and it would be globally replaced by communism. (This is what I call a truly catastrophic prediction.) Marx was wrong, of course, because he completely misunderstood the magic power of the society and of the market to improve things that need to be improved and its ability to self-regulate and accomodate to new conditions. Ehrlich is repeating all errors of Marx and many other errors, too.But other people who have a different kind of a religious belief that we must simply be approaching a judgement day can't learn from Jehovah's Witnesses mistakes. Of course that Paul Ehrlich's reasoning has nothing to do with rational approach to important questions. (Bjorn Lomborg may be an example of a person who tries to solve very similar questions - namely these speculative questions about the long-term food problems - rationally.) Ehrlich confuses the total amount of food available today and the total production of food; he does not understand that the efficiency of agriculture can increase much like the population or even more; he does not understand that the growth of the population in the developed world would be naturally reduced if it became difficult to feed children, and so forth. He just does not understand the "invisible hand" of free markets and the visible hand of scientific and technologica progress and the power of human decisions.His reasoning could easily be proved wrong if he simply tried to make similar predictions about the past. But it was not his main goal to find a realistic prediction for the future. His goal was to write down pseudorationally sounding justifications of his religious preconceptions that would impress many people who are not exactly smart.The similarity between Ehrlich's predictions of mass starvation and the recent predictions of catastrophic global warming is not just a superficial coincidence. Find the book "Boiling Point" by Ross Gelbspan at this website - one of the silly recent books about the climate change disasters that expect us. Among the 15 mostly positive reviews of the book, you will also find a 5-star review by Paul Ehrlich of Stanford himself! The global warming alarmists continue with the traditions of Paul Ehrlich. It is still the same pseudoscience and people will apparently always believe this kind of stuff because there are only two infinite things: the Universe and human stupidity, and I am not sure about the Universe 
0 The information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places, and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways.   There are much better  books on the subject available 
0 The book reads like a shallow, way too long magasine article.The shop seems to specialize in self help books, so there's hardly a literary feel to it. The style too is annoying.For example, she writes that "her dad wasn't big on books".I would have expected a slightly "bigger" vocabulary then that 
0 The author tries to bring both the biography of Walsingham and a discussion of the birth of espionage together in the same book and succeeds at neither. It is a fine read if you would like a general overview of the time,  but, after reading the title and reviews, I was hoping for a detailed biography of Walsingham  or much detail on how he created the group of people who became his information gatherers.  Instead, it is a general overview of Walsingham's life with references to the work that he did. There are some interesting facts that the author brings forward that the reader might not find elsewhere , but the majority of the reading is rehashed from biographies of Elizabeth I. If you want details and a better understanding of Walsingham the man, and his life work and actions, you will need to look elsewhere 
0 Myths are important, but they should not be labeled history.  1.  George Washington was not a great guerilla leader; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines--just like the redcoats. Washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops.2.  Ronald Reagan did not begin the nuclear "disarming" of the Soviet Union.  Eisenhower and Kennedy tried, but (LBJ?) Nixon and Carter were able to bring the ABM treaty, the SALT treaties and he START treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals.  Reagan did have success with theater wrapons in Europe, but the "big nukes" that could end civilization were already being cut back.This is an interesting book about Reagan and Peggy Noonan, but some of the history cited is WRONG 
0 This book started off very good, but as I read on the reading became ardious.  I found it hard work to finish this book.  I don't know why I had such a hard time enjoying the book while all the other reviewser thought it was the best thing since sliced bread, but I would read another shark book, such as Shark Trouble or Close to Shore rather than waste my time on this book 
0 I can see how instructors would be enthusiastic about this book, but unfortunately it will in no way help the student develop their ear training. Here's the problem. The book and CD basically outlines a METHOD of ear training, it is not ear training itself. For example, for each step of the book there is one and only one example on the CD. It is just that, an example, not a training. So, there is one 14 note "lesson" on intervals and from this you are supposed to magically learn how to identify all the major intervals. I don't think so. However, if you were an instructor then you could use that example as a starting point to develop your own lessons and work with students in recognizing intervals. You could spend a month on variations of that lesson itself since that's the core of ear training. In fact, if you're an instructor you can use the whole book as a blueprint for a year long curriculum from recognizing intervals to recognizing chords. By the way, the CD itself mostly uses really dull organ patches. The idea may have been to eliminate timbre as a distraction. However, since one of the goals of ear training is to distinguish timbre from tone, this is another example of how this book/CD in itself won't be of much use to students. 
0 I am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only: If you own 2nd ed., do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors (spellings for one) are xeroxed onto the new edition.Therefore, for a review of the text itself, you may, without any compunction, refer to 2nd ed.'s comments, of which there are many 
0 Man, oh man, I think this is one of the worst books I've ever read.  If I could give The Thanatos Syndrome negative stars, I would!Seriously, half way through, I came to Amazon to see how bad other people thought it was.  Boy was I shocked to see that almost all of these reviews were positive!I found the book bizarre, unfocused and poorly written.  The volcabulary repeatedly seems misused.  The plot is not reasonable given the safeguards that US funding agencies have in place with regards to human experimentation.  The physics, engineering, psychology, medical chemistry and biology are uninformed and unrealistic.  Characters are introduced as though they will be important to the outcome, only to have them dissipate.  And so on.The characters don't even seem like real people.  For example, the main character recognizes his cousin by seeing her ankles - and only her ankles - flashing below a curtain, and yet he is apparently unaware of what degree of cousins they are.  How could someone know a person that well, but still only have a vague idea of how they were related by blood?  Or:  one of the more reliable male characters blows duck hunting calls at women he finds attractive - as though he really thinks this will attract them.  C'mon, if the guys a nut (and anyone who tries to seduce women by talking 'duck' to them is nuts!), write him as a nut the whole way through, don't make him the cornerstone of reliability at the book's climax!The book's title isn't even explained, for crying out loud.  Thanatos means death in Greek, I believe, but I could never understand what the author/editors/audience thought was dying.I won't read this one again, nor will I look for anything else by Percy Walker.  
0 This is another wierd book by Shirley MacLaine: it is neither interesting nor a helpful guide book for pilgrims. The book is just a long rambling new age rant, published because the auther is "Shirley MacLaine".  Too bad really. Don't waste your money on this one. 
0 Let me start by saying that normally I'm a big Popcorn fan. I read any article that she's quoted in. I've read "The Popcorn Report" at least twice and loved it. The same for "Clicking." Great book. They're part of my permanent library.So I was more than disappointed after the first few chapters of EVEolution. I hung in there as long as I could, but the male bashing that pervades the early part of the book overwhelmed whatever golden nuggets were in its way. I just couldn't tolerate reading any more.Perhaps her comments about or against men are warranted in some people's view, but I didn't see how they fit in with the intent of the book. The comments seemed gratuitous and unnecessary.So hopefully her next book will be better. 
0 From the cover and a quick glances at some of the colorful photo filled chapters, this book seem promising at first. But the cliched saying of never judge a book by its cover has taken its toll. This book provides marginal advice on how to -potentially- make a profit from the wonderful world of digital photography, however, it fails to give any real world working model on how this can be accomplished. Most of the marginally useful advices and sales model, i.e. pricing structure on stock photos, are based on the author's own personal preference and experience, rather than taking into account the wide breadth of pricing methods that exist in the real world of photography.This is a great book for amateurs that are trying to break into the business of selling their prints from an outline or a strict table-of-content perspective of the available methods and channels of distribution to target, e.g. card stock, stock photo, art fairs, etc. Most of topics cover seem to be more 'theoretical' than actual real-world hands down information and the author seems to expend more time, energy and care in expressing his disdain (with a condescending overtone, might I add) toward enthusiastic amateurs that aim to make it big and quick. His favorite recurring adjectives for such amateurs includes, but certainly are not limited to: prima donnas, pretentious, and pretend aficionado. Heller may be a [self-aggrandizing] professional photographer, but anyone with such high caliber should be more helpful, than pompous or supercilious. Remember Heller, you were an amateur at one point too.Further more, Heller likes to take a seemingly interesting idea, get your hopes up and then tell you why you shouldn't pursue it because the odds are just too high against you.Bottomline: If you are serious about licensing your photographs for use, then this book does not really cover the core foundations that you need to get your feet wet. On the otherhand, if you want to take a look at what you can do to -potentially- make a profit from your hobby, then this book basically gives you an -general- idea.I'd give this book a 1-star for the lack of usable information and the author's cockiness, but it does contain some interesting theories and sales model to warrant a 2-star rating 
0 Although I am a psych student with a pretty good GPA, I find this book difficult to understand. The difficulty seems to come from the authors' desire to condense as much information as possible in just a few hundred pages. This leads to a cryptic language, where some terms are defined only once and some sentences become a string of such words, a thing which ,personally, frustrated me 
0 Do you like romance novels? Do you call your dogs your babies? This is the book for you. The thriller aspect of this book is far overshadowed by the romance portion, and the annoyingly repetitious mentioning of the dog could possibly drive most readers over the edge. This was my first Johansen novel, and it most certainly will be my last. Two stars for actually wrapping up the story without leaving too many loose ends.  
0 I tried, I really did, but I couldn't get beyond 100 pages.    I love Iris Johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one, almost as if she were forced to do so.  It contained none of her usual style.  The dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters.  I'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical IJ style.  
0 i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a FIRST PERSON SHOOTER!?  i mean, they're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see!  how hard is that!?  Halo is an awesome game but it's REALLY not hard to figure out what to do!  i mean you'd have to be a complete MORON not to know what to do or where to go.  it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying Cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop, tellin' ya what to do.  but anyway i'm done ranting at you wusses 
0 I bought this book before my first trip to Austria. I had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations. That turned out to betrue. What shall we do with a paragraph that tells us thatAustrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well, although many go to work?This book might have some value for a person who had neverleft their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the saunaor at the beach. It also provides some amusing anecdotesabout language (especially viennese) and useful info about festivals.Mostly, though this book was good for reading aloud toAustrian friends. I would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior didn't quite match the book's version and thereby amused them tremendously.--Lynn Hoffman, author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE andthe forthcoming novel bang BANG from Kunati Books.ISBN978160164000 
0 Good Lord, people must be busier than I thought. If you haven't been allowed to even think about your future after retirement, then maybe you will get something out of this book.  For the rest of us, this is drivel 
0 I tend to like just about anything that Brubaker writes.  While I'm not as excited about his Marvel work as most others are, I have enjoyed his runs on Captain America and Daredevil.  His work outside of Marvel has been great; Sleeper is one of my favorite series over the last few years.  In general, Brubaker had not written anything that I genuinely disliked.  Then came 'Deadly Genesis'.In short, this is a weak story with several plot holes which makes a mockery of a franchise that already has a history of reworking established continuity to poor results.  To what end?  Another Summers brother who is completely disinteresting, another story in which Professor X acts like a jerk, a dead X-Men (for absolutely no good reason), and some horrible reworking of existing long running history to cram it all in which now require secrets to have been kept by several key characters for the last 30 years.I want to think that this story was driven by editorial mandate.  Unfortunately, this is the second instance in which Brubaker has went back and altered Marvel history from long ago.  In Captain America, he made it so that Bucky never really died in World War II.  This initially rubbed me the wrong way, but the story itself was done well, and the surrounding plots were good, so I begrudgingly went along for the ride.  I was still able to enjoy his entire run on the book.His attempt to revise history doesn't work nearly as well here.  The key difference is that Bucky had been considered dead for so long that there was very little continuity to adjust.  He hadn't been written into any stories during all that time, so it was very easy to go and insert an alternate history for him.  In 'Deadly Genesis', Brubaker inserts events into key storylines from 30 years ago.  In order for them to work, the reader needs to believe that several key characters has kept these events a secret from that time forward.  It just doesn't work.To make matters worse, none of the characters' motivation for anything makes any sense at all.  Characters are keeping secrets, and other characters are upset with that, and through the whole you never understand why.  It's as if Brubaker had an end goal in mind, and simply crammed in any plot device necessary to get from point A to point B - even if it required characters to act contrary to their nature or the story didn't make complete sense.That aside, another difference between the two is simply that this series is not written as well as Captain America.  They overall plot doesn't make complete sense and the characters are presented fairly shallowly.  Reading it was more of a chore than an act of enjoyment.The interior art is nice, though not great.  Unfortunately, the book falls so short on story alone that the art warrants almost no consideration 
0 Having recently graduated with a BA in English, I am forever doomed to read such so-called "truth texts" with what could only be called an eye for detail; does the author site her sources?  Credentials?  Any sort of solid evidence as to why I, as her reader, should believe a word of what she says?The answer is, simply, no.Ms. Cumbey quotes other texts by other zealotous fundamentalists, to be sure.  However, the credentials of these people remain a mystery.  Anyone can write a book, and anyone with enough money can get it published.  Had I the funds, I could write a "revealing, riveting best seller" on the nature of human genomes and cloning and my opinions of the matter; throw in a few quotes by people who may or may not sound like they know what they're talking about, and there you go.  The point is, my knowledge of such topics is sorely limited, as is Ms. Cumbey's research.  Yet somehow a book that would never earn a passing grade in a collegiate literature course for lack of research and depth of understanding is littering our shelves.  Well, I'm baffled 
0 The product I ordered was not actually for sale!  Don't post an product if you don't have it in stock 
0 If you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away.  Informative to general audiences, it provides little scientific support for its contention.  With the wealth of information out there, this was not the critical review needed, nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect 
0 Many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that Hillary Clinton first brought to the public discourse.  But it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete, without any interest either as themselves or as a theme.  Does anyone care about Texas state politics in 1989, or Phil Gramm's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate?  Someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book.  Just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read 
0 Waller should win an award for the most times reprocessing the same book and making money from it.  Come on.  Show some imagination 
0 If you want to write a great script, never ever ONCE think of it as anything other than telling a solid story.  This  book advances the theory that writing for animation is different than writing.  It isn't.  
0 If you have this book, keep using it for the review only, but not for the tests. I suggest, use 15 Tests of Meylani for the practice 
0 I visit England frequently.  I have an earlier edition of this book which I find to be very useful, even now.  The new version leaves out a lot of the good places that were in the old book and it lacks credibility.  I have a hard time taking any of it seriously when it tells me that an English pint is 16 ounces.  Anyone who is serious about English beer knows that an English pint is 20 ounces 
0 With someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome.  Why Dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of Shakespeare's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me.  It's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally.If you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like Wiley's, Chemistry - Concepts and Problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple, straightforward manner.For anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school's curriculum is just absurd 
0 The professionals in the law field in this book aren't the type of lawyer or law professional most people want to become.  I understand not everyone becomes a six-figure-paid lawyer right out of law school, but this book is ridiculous.  It shadows a guy who wants to only be a law clerk?  Give me a break 
0 The text is OK and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent, but the drawings are the work of a hack, often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored. The costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight. The attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book. An affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both. Only valuable as a kitschy curiosity 
0 Every once in a while I like to pick up a book that is outside the realm of usual reading, and look for a surprise, or spark to keep the fires of imagination from dying out - it is with this mindset I picked up "Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now."  And what did I find as a result of my maverick literary exploration?  Ehh...Ms. Angelou may not take anything for her journey, but based on the cover price she will take $17.00 to tell you a bit about it, and even this may not even seem like that bad a deal were it not for the fact that either her journey was bland, her insights wanting or her conclusions misguided - whatever the cause, this book is dreadful.  If you are looking for the usual meaningless new age spiritual gobble-gook; i.e., about boundaries, respect, finding ones direction, learning what it means to be a women, etc. then this journey is for you - but if you see this nonsense as the nonsense it is, you will be best served my buckling up your shoes and journeying elsewhere 
0 The writing was not what I expect of Andre Norton. Too many gaps and information that is disjointed. Whether this is a consequence of collaboration I don't know. I felt this should have had a strong editor to point out where things should be tightened. For example - at the start we know Kirion has sent people to capture his sister. The book covers over 2 years, but you hardly hear of this again. I cannot imagine the sorcerer would just have let it drop.I am a long-time fan and retired children's librarian. Sic Fi & fantasy is my favorite genre, but this one I had to push to finish. Unsatisfying. 
0 Wow! I read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book. Luckily, I got it out of the library & didn't buy it. I liked it at first, but then the situations got more & more implausible. Then I was reading it just to laugh at it. Some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too. If I had the book here at work with me, maybe I could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes. Not a well written book at all in my humble opinion. Glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway 
0 Need I say more than the above title suggests? Okay, so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons and epiphanies from the voice of experience. There are some touching moments in this book, but even then there is still something the author is lacking. I saw the movie when it was in theatres and I have just finished reading the book. I liked the movie soooooooooo much better than the book. The movie was funny, entertaining, touching, personal, and sad at times. The book did not captivate me at all. I had trouble staying focused. Considering Beverly Donofrio's credentials--a bachelor's degree in English from Wesleyan University and a master of fine arts in creative writing--her quality of writing is very poor. Her quality of writing is more like someone who has only a highschool education, if even that. And not to go off topic, but since Donofrio has a master of fine arts in creative writing from a top notch school like Columbia U, then why doesn't she write about something else besides her getting pregnant in highschool and how that has changed her life? I mean, after all, the MFA is in creative writing, meaning she should be more creative rather than just write autobiographies all the time. She has only wrote 2 books--Riding in Cars With Boys, and Looking For Mary, both about her getting pregnant at a young age. If you liked the movie, just leave it at that. Don't bother reading the book unless you enjoy getting disappointed. And if you're interested in a novel or autobiography about teen pregnancy, then go to the local library. Don't get this one. There's other novels covering the same subject that are far superior to this one.  
0 This is one of the silliest books I have read for a long time. It could be categorised as belonging  to the same genre of "action fantasy" as a number of Hollywood films.Examples of the rules of reality being abandoned:The action takes place in the middle of Antarctic winter, and the author even notes at one point how it's pitch dark outside, yet there are scenes on the ice that play out as if the characters could see each other.People spend minutes in freezing water, yet pop out none the worse for the wear.Two close allies of the United States attack a US installation on no better motivation than a claim that a "spaceship" has been found there, shouted once through the radio.A 12-year-old girl goes through hours of commando troops shooting at each other in a closed facility without getting hurt physically, nor, apparently, mentally.A prototype airplane that has been buried in ice for over ten years, but that works perfectly on the first attempt to fly it.The stupidity goes on and on, but that's perhaps enough to give a taste. There are perhaps people who do not care about any of this, but I don't enjoy books whose author doesn't have one bit of interest in any sort of realism 
0 The author writes a book that does give you a mental workout while giving valuable insight into the theological/philosophical foundations of the emerging confession. There is value in that. I look forward to reading part two, the liturgical ideas section. The emerging church is keen on praxis, but the theological underpinings of this book in part one reminds me of past mistakes within Christendom, which I had hoped we were past. Here are some things that I am amazed do not occur to the others reviewing this book, which it might help to know:1. Rollins does not think it's possible to really "know" much theology with "certainty." In fact, to claim to have religious certainty is to hold an "idolatrous" view of God that is more our idea of God than really who God is. This is because it is virtually impossible to be objective for us humans, and because in his view, God was not all that interested in presenting much of Himself in any sort of nailed down way.  The irony I could not miss was the dogmatism with which he himself expresses his own views.He is very certain of his interpretations of "perceptive thinkers like Nietzsche, Freud, and Marx," Eckhart, Augustine, etc... and is very certain that his interpretations of the scattered verses from Scripture are correct. I found his use of proof texting for his ideas to be really, really, faulty. As I'm reading along I kept jotting in the margins all the times what he said was a really pretty clear misunderstanding of the New Testament. So, be prepared for a frustrating read if you know the Bible's basic content.  He is certain that no one should be certain, but him. Ok, to be fair, he is not certain if Christianity is true, and says so on page 44, but he is certain that he should not be certain of Christianity. Nor, I guess, should you. With his view of "critique of ideology" how can he be so selective of what he is certain of. This seems like a self-defeating ideology. So strong is his disdain for "knowing" with any real certainty that he would do away with apologetics as if it were no longer appropriate to try to base our beliefs on reason at all. I was reminded of the case Francis Schaeffer made quite well regarding those who do not have any reason to believe something is true, but who take a leap of faith and believe it anyway. Rollins needs to reread his Francis Schaeffer, in my opinion. He says the church is not to be about giving answers, but helping raise in people: questioning. Indeed, given his views, how could he provide answers? This book may look deep. I propose, it is merely muddy.2. He redefines age old terms. Orthodoxy is no longer about the content of what one believes, but how loosely one holds it. Certainty of revealed truth is dangerous, misinformed, idolatrous. Heresy is now a cute little thing. It has come of age. He says people will think his views undermine Christianity. We are to just take him at his word that his views won't do so, but he does not really make affirmations to give any reasonable comfort and any one would, I think, see the writing on the wall. 3. He seems to think the emerging church is the only hope for unity or evangelism in our time among post moderns. After reading his views I wonder if it is possible for post moderns, those like himself, at least, to even understand the gospel. He has not. How can he be a bridge? To be a bridge one must have footing on both shores. Christianity IS based on real events with real content that has been passed down, not without mystery, nor without debate, but in a very real and tangible way. he cannot be a bridge to something by changing that thing to something else. 4. He is right to be kind to people of other religions and to try to learn from them. The problem that is huge, and no one seems to notice, is that he seems incapable of learning or appreciating the Christians who are in other camps. He considers fundamentalists,and by logical extension many evangelicals, to be pharisees and the true heretics in his new definition of the term, heresy. I kept thinking, what kind of "fundamentalists" is he so angry at? He blasts the whole of that group and by extension most evangelicals, making generalizations that are misleading. Very unobjective. Unkind. Very divisive. Yet he thinks only his views can bring unity to Christendom. I can see his views bringing unity to all religions, but it will never bring unity to Christendom. He seems oblivious to the amazing amount of unity that now exists in Christendom. Times have really changed in the past 20 years. He is either unaware or has a different kind of unity in mind. 5. He makes God hopelessly difficult. God wanted, it seems, to speak in a plain brown wrapper...the common language of the people, the dust of humanity, the lowly donkey ride, the obscure but simple truth of the simple gospel. Rollins has wrapped God up in Nietzsche and while disdaining "human reason" as the means of knowing God has turned the living Christ who said "I am the truth" into an enigma of mental gymnastics that is so complex only man could concoct it. God's message is simple. It's clear where it needs to be. It hints at huge mystery beyond what is stated. Rollins makes it nearly all enigma, hinting at some possible truth out there from a winking God, who says out of one side of his mouth something is important and that we will be held accountable for knowing and obeying it, yet Who has been unwilling or incapable, given man's weaknesses, or His own lack of communication skills, to articulate it in such a way that a person can hold any theological content soundly.If, as Tickle says, this is the Christianity of the 3rd millenium, then the Chrisitan faith is about to become the irrational man's religion, the anything goes religion, and following generations will have to deconstruct today's extreme and irrational over-reaction to fundamentalism. Peter, I can learn some stuff from you, and I'm sure some of my perception of what you were trying to say was likely lost in transmission. As it stands now I cannot agree with you on several points. Your views trouble me. Nothing against you personally.  Forgive any kind of perceived condescending tone. I hope to enjoy the rest of your book much more, though, it will for me be an upper story with out a first floor. Regardless, if it inspires I'll come back and add a star. hmmm 
0 I have read other books by Alesia Holliday and enjoyed them so I looked forward to reading this book.  Unfortunately, I could not get any farther than the first 25 pages.  I even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and I still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away.  The best I can do to pin down why I dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard.  No character seems to even approach reality.  They are all, including the main character and her love interest, over the top 
0 I only glanced through this book, yet my first impression is that it is a hodge podge of unrelated research without any attempt to analyze or comment on the results or even the quality of the research conducted or of the tools applied.I can, however, write about one of the editors, Mike Shaw, who made no attempt whatsoever to 'find the evidence' when assessing us as parents.He works as a Consultant Child Psychiatrist in London, England and seems to specialise in offering his services as an 'expert witness' and trainer in the legal aspects of applying medical recommendations under the Mental Health Act. We had our children taken away on the grounds that they were "at risk of neglect". Mike Shaw was called in as an expert witness to interview us and make recommendations. Yet the reports that he submitted to court were unbelievably sloppy and ill researched. Under cross examination, he was vague and inarticulate and could provide no concrete evidence to support his assertions and recommendations.Luckily for us, he was so glaringly incompetent that we were allowed to repeat the process with another expert psychiatrist.I don't know about his co-editors, but if his work is anything to go by, the material that he collated in this book can only be equally sloppy and prejudiced.Here are some extracts from the psychiatric report that he submitted to court.  Judge for yourself whether you can take anything this man does or says seriously.Evidence-gathering."On 9.8.02, I interviewed Mr & Mrs Orman [2 hours]"On 21.8.02, I met the family at Trent Park where I spoke to Mrs Orman alone [40 mins], witnessed contact [1 hour] and spoke to the children without their parents [20 mins] [and] I interviewed the foster carer [2 hours].Observations."Mr & Mrs Orman were friendly and co-operative throughout.[...] Mr Orman showed insight [... but] wasn't concerned that his actions may have disadvantaged the children. The couple were very robust in refuting the [welfare's] account, which they claimed was full of misunderstandings and misinformation."Contact took place in the park[...]The parents and children seemed happy to see each other; they chatted in animated style. [...] I wasn't aware of either parent criticising the authorities in the children's presence "[Interviewing the children] The children seemed attentive [...] but answered "don't know", fell silent and looked at each other when I asked them questions [...] Erin related [a Simpsons episode where] Homer [...] had lumps coming out of his head because he kept his anger inside. I found myself wondering whether this was an oblique reference to concern about Mr Orman's temper but guessed that such an interpretation would be dismissed. [Note. This is submitted in court as an evidence-based legal document!]Conclusions & Recommendations"[...] I observed Mrs Orman as shy and anxious while Mr Orman was very pleasant but forceful. [...]"Mr and Mrs Orman say they have an easy affectionate bond with the children. So it is surprising that the foster carer finds the children uncomfortable with physical contact. [...] I think there is some insecurity in the children's attachment to their parents. [Note how this directly contradicts his own observations in the park.]"Were Mr Orman to be caring for the children on his own, I would be concerned about his sensitivity to their needs. [...] Asked whether he had any regrets, Mr Orman didn't take any responsibility for the deprivation and disruption suffered by his children going into care. [...] Erin [who was 8 at the time] needs a parent who can stand up to her without losing their temper, and support and advise socially. I suspect Mr Orman would find this difficult."My concern about Mrs Orman managing the children on her own would be a recurrence of her illness. [...] I wonder whether Mrs Orman has the strength and patience to handle these very challenging [sic] children. "[...]The children seemed very happy and natural with their parents during the contact I observed [sic] and the contact records make reference to the children wanting to go home."[...] returning home is likely to further retard the children's social and emotional development. [...]"These children have very little capacity to protect themselves from what is essentially emotional deprivation and possibly abuse. [...] it is most unlikely that either parent can protect the children from any harm that the other parent might cause. I also find very plausible Ms [Charlotte] Curran's suggestion (... [in] her [written] statement) that Mr Orman dominates his wife."The children did not express a wish to return home when they spoke to me, but it seems safest to assume they would prefer to be at home and would be alarmed if that was not possible. [..] I believe the children need a long-term placement away from home with experienced foster carers. [...] contact should be gradually reduced."Mike Shaw's answers under cross-examination painted a dire picture of our mental competence and subsequent parenting abilities, but he was unable to point to any specific evidence that he had acquired in his 6-hour investigation. Yet he remained adamant in his conclusion that the children should be removed from the family indefinitely and contact gradually reduced until no further contact be allowed, so that the children could lead a normal and happy life. He could not comment on government statistics that show that 70% of all children placed in long-term foster care end up as delinquents.Our children were eventually returned to us after we underwent a convoluted process to prove our competence as parents beyond a reasonable doubt; and the case was eventually closed.So much for the scientific and critical appraisal of our family by a man who regularly provides expert legal evidence and trains psychiatrists in making competent medical recommendations that supposedly satisfy basic human rights conventions 
0 This booklet has a lot of Warner Brothers drawings, but it doesn't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well.  I'd recommend getting The Animator's Survival Kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation 
0 I first read this book back in the mid-80s after watching the miniseries starring Gary Cole as Dr. Jeffrey MacDonald.  The miniseries absolutely riveted me, as did this book.  But upon repeated readings, I began to pick up inaccuracies and errors. I found that the book, rather than answering questions about this case, caused me to question more and more. Joe McGinniss, while never a stellar writer to begin with, was eventually exposed as the worst kind of writer, twisting facts and quotes to serve his own purpose, which was to sell his theory and therefore, his book.  I have nothing against Mr. McGinniss forming his own opinion as to Dr. MacDonald's guilt or innocence, but to omit certain facts and blatantly lie about others and misquote principals and research in order to further your own propaganda is sickening.  If you want Joe McGinniss' theory on how and why the murders happened, with no regard to the cold hard facts and legal evidence, pick this book up.  If you want to read about the case, with all the facts in place both supporting and questioning Dr. MacDonald, do as other reviewers have suggested and read "Fatal Justice", a far more in-depth review of the case and evidence and form your own opinion.  
0 The Venona Secrets is a deceptive book. It tries to pass itself off as an objective portrait of Soviet spying in the US, but by the time the reader is a third of the way in it becomes apparent that the authors are more interested in smearing "Liberals" than in painting a true portrait of their subject. Although the information the authors provide is interesting, the biased and heavy-handed way it's presented negates whatever scientific value it might have. For example, the authors insist that J. Robert Oppenheimer was working for the Soviets (they call this a "fact") yet they present absolutely no proof that Oppenheimer was anything more than an idealistic, naive man who couldn't keep his mouth shut and whose only contribution to the advancement of Communism in America was money to the CPUSA. The book is full of these so-called "facts" with little to nothing to back them up. The authors praise Joe McCarthy and claim in the last chapter of the book that he was barely a factor in the anti-Communist hysteria of the 1940's and 1950's, ignoring the fact that MCCarthy capitalized on fears of Communism obscenely and was wrong far more than he was right about who was and was not loyal. McCarthy's methods of terrorism and hypocrisy in running hearings that could have been chaired by Stalin are completely overlooked, as are the innocent lives he destroyed in his smear campaign. The authors also praise Senator Henry Jackson as some sort of all-American crusader against Communism, not even mentioning that all of Jackson's anti-Communist attacks were motivated by his virulent anti-Semistism and hatred of blacks. Overall this book is nothing more than an indictment of Liberal ideology -- one can simply hear the disdain for Liberals dripping from the authors' prose -- and should not be given much credence by scholars not interested in right-wing propaganda who want an objective account of Venona. The authors have sacrificed their credibility for their Conservative agenda; they deserve not to be taken seriously 
0 Sorry. I hate to pile on, but I must agree with Lit Teacher on this one. The thinking was sloppy and contradictory, and the writing was wooden, stiff, irritating. I bought it a few months back and hid it in a drawer until I could get around to it. I pulled it out today with a smile and high hopes.  Boy was I disappointed. I thought maybe I was having a bad day. Maybe my concentration was off. So I pulled out Truman Capote. Smooth as silk. So it wasn't my fault. It was Ron's. I finally decided to scan the book, and that revealed there was really nothing new here, nothing interesting. I wish I had not wasted the money. I must be more careful. But, as for this book, there is nothing I need to refer to later, so I'm putting it in the trash. It is Saturday evening. They will come on Monday to take it and the other garbage away. Roger 
0 OK I havent read it yet, and it will take some effort to do so. The pages are yellowed, they are cut uneven(A first for me to witness!!)I have ordered 3 books on chinese issues, and 2 have been scams. OK, there's a lesson there somewhere - buyer beware, especially concerning chinese items!!!Their economic strategy revolves around/ begins with CHEAP MATERIALS!BUYER BEWARE 
0 More Than Human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas.The writing is often compared to that of Faulkner but I wouldn't make that connection having read a few of Faulkner's works.  Sturgeon uses many of Faulkner's narrative trademarks (i.e. streaming conscious, first person perspective of low IQ individuals, disorienting changes in first person narrative) but I didn't feel the net effect really compared to say something like As I Lay Dying.I love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously.  This results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books.  More Than Human is slow, dated and not what I would describe as genre transcending nor would I recommend it to others.  So the idea might of been original in the 50's but topics like telekenesis, ESP, computer-brain babies, and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before (Asimov) and since.  This book rarely set off that wow! button in my head or kept me turning pages.  This book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best.In 1953 there were 5 Hugo Award nominees for best science fiction book (Determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004)  The Retro Hugo awards are fascinating because the voting (in this example) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society can't really be ignored.  Besides More Than Human, the far superior The Caves Of Steel, Childhood's End, and Farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi.  Needless to say, More Than Human did not win (Farenheit 451 did and rightfully so)Bottom Line:  I wanted to like this book and it doesn't surprise me that others give it such high praise.  These are probably people that don't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
0 Not even worth finishing this book!  This author does not know enough to even write this book!  I have personal connections with Blackwater and I know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be.  It is a one sided story not based on facts, which it what most writers do, but purely fiction!  The only few misfortunes Blackwater has had is what he bases his book on, not the postive stories that I hear about everyday.  Don't waste your money 
0 How many times can you wear out the same story line. Kahlan lost, Kahlan found, Kahlan lost again, Kahlan found again. Or Richard lost, Richard found, ohp...Richard lost again, Richard found again. Goodkind has run out of ideas. He should put the Sword of Truth series down and move on to something fresh. 
0 I was very excited when I got my copy of this book. I am a big fan of medical thrillers. I started with Robin Cook and Michael Palmer and from then on I was hooked. Unfortunately for me, I selected the wrong book. It was very slow and he didn't pick up the pace until I was about 60 pages from the end. Then all hell broke loose. I have a feeling that Josh got a little help from people telling him to "spice it up". All in all, I was disappointed and still don't know what PERV means. Hope he does better on his second. I will give it a try but only the first 50 pages. If he hasn't hooked me by then, I'll give up 
0 This book was given to me by my cousin who thought I might find faith after hearing the eulogy I gave at my father's funeral a year ago, in which I professed that I do not know if there is a God or not, but that the best we can do is be good people.I am agnostic, in that I am fully aware that there is no factual evidence that God exists and that there is no evidence that God does not exist. To be clear - if there was, I am pretty sure it would be widely publicized.The gift was a loving gesture and I am sincerely appreciative of it.However, I have several issues with the book. More than I can possibly iterate at this point.This book does not even mention agnosticism. As the author was educated at Yale, I am sure he must be aware of agnosticism and chose to omit it from his book. I can only presume that it was omitted with a reason, perhaps it was too hard to explain in the face of his assertion that there is evidence for God (see below - all circumstantial and requiring leaps of faith).Without getting into too many specifics, the evidence he uses in the Case for Faith comes from obviously Christian sources - which are surely biased. This is equivalent to reporting on terrorist acts by only interviewing terrorists. Certainly one's reporting would be validating reasons for such atrocities. To be clear I am only drawing this distinction to make the point - a true investigative reporter would look to include both sides of the story and present facts as opposed to opinion. Had Strobel intended to provide a balanced view, he would have used non-christian scientists and believers of various faiths.Strobel's statements portend to be fact, but are generally lacking any actual evidence and in some cases are easily determined to be incorrect. A couple of examples are 1) His statement that Buddhism says there is no God (various sects of Buddhism believe in gods, state there is no Creator God or do not take a stand on the matter) and 2) His statements on lack of evidence for evolution - specifically macroevolution (which is fairly well supported by actual evidence and observation - and believed to be accurate by 99% of biologists).  Regarding evolution, there is actually evidence for macroevolution - although he claims there is none. This is where I have serious problems with the book. In my opinion, the book is more for current believers who need/desire to strengthen their faith, which I believe is a good thing. However, his information lacks factual support and evidence, which to me is a bad thing. I believe that most of the people who would read it would not get to the point of questioning the information in it. If one were to question it, one could easily find their faith destroyed if the information one held to be true (and which subsequently was the basis for faith) is found to be false. He states that there is evidence for intelligent design; however the evidence he offers is only theory in the colloquial sense - i.e. a guess. The Theory of evolution is a theory in the scientific sense - i.e. supported by on observation and evidence.Another example is when Strobel quotes "...when it comes right down to it, the only person or thing I know of worth my faith - the only one supported by the evidence of history and archaeology and literature and experience - is Jesus." The Buddha (meaning one who is awake), or   Siddhartha Gautama (his real name), was an actual person, supported by all of the above listed proof of Jesus. Mohammad was also an actual person supported by all of the above. His 3 reasons for disbelief in reincarnation (for regular people): 1) If James loses 3 pounds, he is still James, if he becomes a grasshopper he is not James - because he is not human2) Support for past lives - such as memories, are explainable by psychological explanations, lucky guesses, or demonic possession3) The only expert on this question, Jesus of Nazareth, said it doesn't happen. To respond:1)	To believe in resurrection, one must believe that there is a substance which makes us who we are that is not tied to our earthly form. It is not tied to being human, but to existing.2)	How do you discount the possibility that reincarnation exists by asserting that demon possession exists - there is factual evidence for neither.3)	To be in line with this reason, one must already accept the divinity of Jesus and that the resurrection actually happened. His arguments for the truth of the resurrection (below) are weak and offer no support for the fact, only that people claimed it happened. We should not confuse the fact that Jesus existed with the belief that he was the son of God and specifically that he was reincarnated. Here are his proof that God exists: 1)	God makes sense of the Universe's origin2)	God makes sense of the universe's complexity3)	God makes sense of moral values (his argument is - if there are absolute moral values then God must exists God makes sense of the resurrection (see proof below).4)	God can be immediately experienced. To respond:1)	Theories can be used to explain phenomenon that correlate to reality, but are not truly an explanation of reality. One still must take a leap of faith to believe his assertion. While it may explain questions about the universe - how do we know it to be accurate? Put another way, there are other explanations that could wrap up the universe - additionally, one presumes he is speaking of the Christian God and discounting other belief systems.2)	See my first objection. Same point.3)	Science believes in hard observable facts being the basis for making assertions. The basis of scientific fact is that it is able to be recreated by anyone. To take the leap from the fact that there are widely accepted truths to being proof of God requires faith. He gives examples of ideas that most of the civilized world thinks are wrong, and uses them as the basis for absolute moral values. He omits that moral values have changed over time and are evolving. While I do believe that things are wrong, one can easily recognize that they are not always absolute...for example, it is not ok to kill, unless you are in danger - or the other person killed others (presuming you believe in capital punishment).4)	His example here is that you cannot prove the world exists...fair enough, but one can prove there are universally experienced events that we can demonstrate over and over again. For example, we can do a physics experiment and everyone involved will see the same results (barring psychological conditions). While we may not be able to prove that the world exists, we can confirm common experience, which is essentially what the world is...the ground on which we all interact - whether or not that is created in the mind (the example he gives for how the world may not exist is that all of the world may only be in our mind).Proof Jesus was resurrected: 1)	The location of Jesus' burial was widely known and agreed on.2)	The Sunday after his crucifixion the tomb was empty, which is agreed upon by many (or all).3)	Various groups of people experienced appearances of Jesus alive again.4)	The original disciples suddenly and sincerely believe that Jesus was risen from the dead - even enough to die for this belief.  To respond:1)	This is fact and Jesus did exist. Not sure how it relates to his divinity.2)	This could be explained in several ways, hard to use this as proof of his divinity. One can suppose it is, but it takes a leap of faith - this book is supposed to explain how to have faith - but continually requests we make leaps of faith.3)	Writings of people who claims to experience Jesus can hardly be taken as fact. Other religious text would claim the same about their prophets, gods, etc. 4)	The disciples had a vested interest in proclaiming the divinity of Jesus. This is not actual evidence. This is equivalent to stating that the bible is true because it says it is true.Additionally, Strobel chooses which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical. In dealing with "Objection 5" Strobel notes that the descriptions of Hell in the bible are metaphorical. It is hard to discern how someone can pick and choose which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical. It is convenient to do so when your explanations support your understanding. I am not sure how you justify doing this. He states that only one religion can be right or God is schizophrenic. One supposes his assertion is that Christianity is the one true religion or God is schizophrenic. This again is a leap of faith. One must also presume that the various religions are not human error in interpreting God's message.My stand is this, we do not know, and to have faith is great, however by creating a context in which one can have faith by providing erroneous and undeniably false/biased information, a false faith is created. Faith should be born out of one's desire and belief system. One should not need to discount others because of their faith. To me, doing so indicates weakness in their faith - not strength. 
0 I've seen better high end audio books. I'm certainly not a member of the aforementioned "Scientific School of Audio System Performance Analysis", the only instruments that can accurately measure sound quality are the ones on either side of your head. I listen to what my ears tell me sounds good, and generally, tubes sound good. Which is why this book is sort of a disappointment, you'd think that out of 80 projects there'd be at least one tube phono preamp, but unfortunately there are no tube amps, just a few rants about how tubes don't produce enough power. Who uses more than a watt anyway? Even the transistor amps presented aren't much better than what you could get from Rex or Circuit City, similar schematics could probably be found on the internet for free. Go ahead and buy it if that's the sort of thing you're into, but if its tubes you want, try Morgan Jones' "Building Valve Amplifiers", it doesn't have many schematics but it covers  in great detail the layout and contruction of tube amps. Good schematics can be found on the intarnub 
0 This book was as much the author's opinion and imagination as anything else. He makes claims that are not substiantiated by facts, biblical or otherwise. I will not purchase further books by this author 
0    This is a difficult book for  beginner-level  spanish language students.  I kept it b/c I understand that it is one they use at the immersion course I will be taking soon in Mexico.Probably will not use it before that or subsequent 
0 This book was written in the '80s was copy written in 1990.It has a folksy tone and some technical information.Unless you are buying your church's sound system at a second hand store, this book is going to leave you wondering what might be available today.  For example: "CD recorders are under development". 
0 I'm very disappointed in this book, although some information IN it is valuable, it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover. It is an excellent Textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular  basis and find ideas for what you need. Although broken into sections, they  are not readily found or visible. One must search the information needed as  in a research assignment. The reproducibles are MAINLY for elementary  grades. This was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it's  contents, on-line. Although the price was reasonable, I'm not pleased with  the way the book is organized &amp; printed 
0 I love how many people like to say that Lawrence Walsh was a Republican. Funny. He was an Eisenhower Republican WORLDS REMOVED from the conservative movement. And let's face it: he stink bombed George H.W. Bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when Bush was gaining ground on Clinton. I'm not saying Bush would have won if Walsh hadn't indicted Caspar Weinberger on the Friday before the election, but Walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for Bush. Bush got him back, of course, by pardoning Weinberger on Christmas Eve, 1992.The beginning of the book was interesting to say the least. As it wore on, however, it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about Republicans. Let's face it: people in power tend to be corrupt. They have protection the rest of us don't have. This wasn't just true about Reagan and Bush; it's true about Clinton and whoever you wish to name. About halfway through the book, Walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was VP at the time, GHW Bush.I also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least. I guess when you can't beat a guy at the ballot box, you impeach him or at least try to.Right?Not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside. 
0 	I grew up reading Harold Evan's Sunday Times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could. I particularly remember comprehensive coverage of Egyptian President Sadats historic visit to Jerusalem; ongoing coverage of Soviet dissidents and a very welcome (I'm Irish) editorial urging Britain to consider withdrawal from Northern Ireland.  However, from today's perspective, the paper's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as `what would the world do without Henry Kissinger?' [Indeed this has always seemed to be Mr. Kissinger's view also]; and that Soviet unreasonableness was a product of American hawkish unreasonableness and that balance, compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation.  My memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in California and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of Governor Reagan.  A major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of Soviet missiles (SS-20s?) being deployed in Russian forests.  I was reminded of these diagrams in 2002/3 when the modern Sunday Times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of Saddam's mobile chemical/biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist.   	In saying all the above, I mean both to pay tribute to Harold Evans and to put in context the criticisms I have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as Sunday Times editor and his difficulties as Times Editor under Rupert Murdoch.  The book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made Evan's Sunday Times great - the investigative reports from the Insight team and others, of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry (Thalidomide) and the aircraft industry (McDonnell Douglas); the publication of the Crossman Diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the British Labour Cabinet.  Having established his credentials  as a `vertical' journalist - Evan's term, which he describes as `seeking to get to the bottom of things' - and lauding his proprietors, the Thomson's, for allowing him to do so, the second part of the book deals with the advent of Mr. Murdoch as owner.  The machinations of Murdoch to gain control are fascinating, the Thomson's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity, and they secretly dealt with Murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors.  Murdoch eventually won ownership of both the Times and Sunday Times, having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of `national directors', guarantees, which if breached, were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction.  As part of the change of ownership Evans was offered the editorship of the Times - one of the free worlds most revered titles.   In his description of the paper, Evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the Times as part of the British Establishment - he sees it as the paper of record, upholding fair, non-partisan and accurate journalism which British society has come to expect. One feature of this is his constant enumeration of people's educational background, almost every colleague is named and then his/her school and university are listed - for example Joe Smith, Winchester, Oxford, to establish both social class and academic (perhaps intellectual) credentials.  He documents the `four pillars' of the Times as its reporting of Parliament, its legal coverage, its obituaries and its leader columns.  Oh dear! Stolid stuff, from the fearless, vertical, investigative editor. Nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of Evan's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which, by implication, criticise his predecessor as editor (William Rees Mogg); and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution.  Looming behind this story is Murdoch's general management style - haphazard interventions, secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning.  From the text it seems to me that Murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions, rather than covertly scheming to undermine Evans. 	The third section of the book reads a bit like Macbeth - Murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors. The text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone, save perhaps Murdoch, Evan's second-in-command betrays him, various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys, the `national directors' turn out to be paper tigers (this is too good a pun to delete), the Thatcher government sides with Murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken, piecemeal.  The thrust of this section reveals Evans as tragic hero, valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious, double-dealing Murdoch, whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval.   However, by the time I got to this section I had, sadly, lost a lot of respect for Evan's impartiality, his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities.  This was reaffirmed in my mind when, on the day that Evan's agreed to reign, who should phone to commiserate but Henry Kissinger! 	In the end I think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor, initially at least, popular.   Evans, though personally engaging - and I'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs. The change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the Soviet Union.   The fading, indeed failing, Social Democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly, given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides.  I believe Evans and Murdoch were representative shadows of this change.  The rest of the story - Evans attractive forthrightness, Murdoch's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story, are ultimately a side show.	This book is well told, highly dramatic and engaging, however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done. 
0 Investment Banker with a conscience, Ben Hartman, and special agent Anna Navaro's plot lines and bodies soon become intertwined in their quest for the secrets of Sigma, an elite cabal with roots in Nazi Germany that is bent on world domination. What starts out as reasonable and entrancing enough genre pulp becomes sheer Bond by the end, but there's no denying Ludlum has a gift for keeping the heat turned up from page to page.If you are new to espionage fiction and have even slightly literary sensibilities, run don't walk to writers like Alan Furst, Graham Greene, or even John Le Carr. But if strong characters aren't a necessity, you are able to suspend your disbelief, and you are lusting for pure literary sugar, you probably won't be disappointed.Ludlum is a great author for those who typically spend hours in front of the television and tremble in anticipation at the release of the next Hollywood blockbuster, because he provides essentially the same experience in written form.  He is a master of the wildly oscillating plot line, but barely approaches apprentice status in any other literary area.  I found myself cringing in embarrassment for the author at many points, but to his credit I was compelled to continue turning the pages until I had reached the end.  It's like candy, you can't stop eating it but feel ill once it's gone.If you are a die hard Ludlumite I admit this is my first foray.  Please point me to a better example of his work if one exists, otherwise I'll invest my time elsewhere and catch up on Mr. Ludlum by proxy when the next "Bourne" film comes out 
0  This book doesn't even deserve a star. I just fell upon it, on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house. I'm nearly 17 years old, and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older, but honestly, I don't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years... I've read so many reviews raving about how 'poetic, sensual, wonderful' it is and what a talent the person is...sorry I don't see it!Anyone can write a bunch of sex stories. I didn't see anything poetic in the writing...it was plain. As for sensual and arousing? Hardly. It was crude, and vulgar. It was sex, sex, sex... and presented harshly, with none of the sensuality, the sweetness, the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex... it was boring, repetitive, and I'll admit disturbing.What was the point of the story where the Hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children? Or the raped little boy? It was just weird. There's just the sex, and no development of any points she may be trying to make. It's kind of just left there...unfinished... unsatisfying. Frankly, it was so distasteful (VULGAR), I was shocked. And I'm not religious, puritan, conservative or any such thing...quite the opposite, I have an open mind. But this book left me cold 
0 This book was required reading for a class on children's literature.  So, naturally, I was expecting the very best samplings of what was out there.  The beginning was quite exceptional.  I even invited my husband to read it with me since we share good finds to read together in the evening.  We were about 75% of the way through before its magic halted and it turned to various detailed descriptions of the main character's female body parts.  Due to this we feel it falls short as an example of wholesome children's literature.  We set the book down and did not finish it.  If you are looking for good children's literature that COMPLETELY steers clear of naked images instead of turning to them to keep the pace of the book going, then this book will be a let down.  Sad, because up until that point, the writing was quite good. 
0 This book offers more information about Santa Claus than it does the gods/godesses associated with the Winter Soltice.  The craft projects are cheesey and the recipes terrible.  Save your money and do a little research yourself and if you want recipes or craft projects pick up one of those special Christmas magazines for ideas you can adapt for a pagan holiday theme. 
0 This book is poor. It 's not &quot;philosophical&quot; in any sense because it's not logical and it's not supported by the majority of music scholars today. Reimer contradicts himself at every turn; he doesn't understand what Langer is really saying; and. his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today. Reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy, feel-good nonsense 
0 Suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to Rabbi David Berger's book , The Rebbe , the Messiah &amp; the Scandal of Orthodox indifference  
0 The book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included.  However, on the Atkins diet, the important measure to monitor is the &quot;active&quot; carbohydrate mass which may  metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber.  The inclusion of such a  measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility 
0 I must agree with some other reviewers of this book, and say that it is a very dry list of factual data, interspersed with Bill Wyman's moans and boasts. His gripe with Allan Klein about money seems to be quite valid, but he mentions it about a thousand times. Mick and Keith get quite a pasting- again it seems quite valid, but do we need to hear it so many times?    Bill opines that Keith Richard's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band. Listen to his only self-penned Stones track of the 60s, on &quot;Satanic Majesties&quot;, and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion- his voice is far weaker, and his songwriting at that time was also inferior.     The book seems to be more authoritative on dates, but we can only take Bill's accuracy on faith. My knowledge of the Stones is not enormous, but even I can see some big factual errors. For example he tells us that neither Taj Mahal nor Marianne Faithfull recorded songs for the &quot;Rock n Roll Circus&quot;. A recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong.      As another reviewer rightly said, Marianne Faithfull's autobiog is a much better read 
0 Do you feel different from people around you?  Do they resent your ingenuity?  Have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs?  Do you long for the company of others like yourself, who, tragically but inevitably, are biologically destined to wipe these shorter, darker subhumans from the face of the earth?  Congratulations!  You are either in the aryan nations or the Clan of the Cave Bear fan club, possibly both!(I exaggerate- you could be a nineteenth century English settler in Australia, or a Boer in South Africa, or maybe you just like Larry Niven, but that's beside the point)I can forgive Auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book.  In the late 1970's when she did her research, we didn't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of Neanderthals, and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at Wikipedia.  Ultimately we'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like, and Auel's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion.Similarly, her bloated, almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author, though one wonders what parasite infected her editor.  I haven't read her more recent works, but I imagine she has probably improved.  Even with the pendulous sentences Clan is not unreadable.What infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story, nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged.  The story reads like a near-literal historicization of Helena Blavatsky's Secret Doctrine on the fall of the "aryans"- who interbred with "subhumans" introducing the world to, oh I dunno, domination by the unworthy, blind tradition, suppression of the individual, all the hallmarks of the book's neanderthal culture.  Of course, even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed Ayla is innocent, overpowered by a brutish thug.Against this master narrative, all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression.  I would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet, and give Auel's books a wide berth.Also?  Enough rape scenes already 
0 Two huge problems with this book. One, this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and "traveling and learning" when they already know his identity, so I guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass. Two, the city of Los Angeles functions as a character in Kellerman's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels. This thing drags on in some unnamed, nondescript city 
0 It's hard to imagine this book being of much value even for a true and complete novice to prospecting.  Written with blatant self  promotion in mind for other Garrett products there is little if any substantive information on panning that could not be reduced to 4 or 5 pages with a couple of diagrams added.  Would appear author may have been paid by the word given the tedious repetitions found throughout.  Truly basic and nothing new here - spend your money elsewhere 
0 This book is very dissapointing. Sure, this book is full of information, but does not know how to teach. This book is not completely written in step by step method. Before you actually start touch your project, you are fed up with information. I even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter. DVD comes with this book, but this DVD is not a lesson project like Apple Pro Training Series. Not useful.If you are beginner and start studying DVD Studio Pro 4, don't by this book! You're going to waste your money. Buy the one from Apple Pro Training Series, which is much better, easy to understand. 
0 As a young woman I was appauled by Gurian's lack of respect forwomen as human beings.What makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.The resounding message isgirls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.I don't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be.I agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.Gurianis a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.His book is full of agenda. 
0 Richard Fawkes' writing is stilted, his phrases repetitive, and he doesn't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military. Don't waste your time or money 
0 This is the worst textbook I have ever bought for any class!  It is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read.  This book is horribly written.  The explanations are boring, drawn out, and unclear.  The early chapters draaaag on forever.  The later chapters get a little better, but they state a lot of obvious or useless information.  I have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little.      
0 The first novel of Laurell K. Hamilton's Merry Gentry series is not, actually, that terrible a book. It's by far the best in a not particularly great series, actually. What made it almost impossible for me to read is that the basic premise, the set-up, is one of the most grotesquely, ridiculously stupid things I've ever read. Princess Meredith NicEssus has fled Faerie, in fear of death at the hands of her aunt, Andais, the Queen of Air and Darkness and ruler of the Unseelie Court. High profile fae in this world are major public figures, like rock stars or the royal family of England. The sudden disappearance of one of the Unseelie royals is a very big deal indeed. Every news media in the world reports the story....and it never goes away. We are told solemnly that reports of Princess Meredith being spotted are right up there with Elvis sightings. Meredith's image, the story of her mysterious disappearance, is everywhere. I mean, neolithic pygmies living in deepest Africa know who Meredith is, and what she looks like. Meanwhile, Princess Meredith has disguised herself as a mortal private eye. Thing is, she hasn't disguised herself very much at all. Her supernaturally pale skin is now humanly pale skin. Her fae red hair is now human red hair. Her facial features remain the same. And with everyone on the planet wondering where is Princess Meredith, for years on end, no one recognizes her. Let me hasten to add, there is no magic involved in this, they honestly simply don't recognize her. And the crowning touch to this masterful disguise, the name chosen for her pseudonym to hide the fact she's actually Princess Meredith is....wait for it....Merry Gentry. Jesus wept. And for years, none of her co-workers, no one who knows her, says to themself, "Hey, wait a minute, that women who looks almost exactly like Princess Meredith....Merry Gentry....Princess Meredith....oh my God, Merry Gentry is Princess Meredith!" Nope, she's just incognito, baby. At which point I almost threw down the book and said, "You have GOT to be kidding me." It's absolutely amazing to me this made it through the editing process. Do Laurell Hamilton's editors do anything other than rubber stamp her writing? Given her past six or eight novels, including this one, I'm tempted to say: no, actually 
0 I was also disappointed with Evanovich's latest book.  If I read this book not knowing who the author was, I would have guessed it was written by her; it's amazing how many of the character's actions and spoken words are strikingly similar to the Plum series.  Agree that the Pugg character is really annoying!!  I am a huge Evanovich fan and have read most of her non-Plum books, but would have to say this is my least favorite.  Looking forward to the 13th Plum in June.  
0 I really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great.  A shocking murder is committed in the town of Newpointe, then another.  Meanwhile, fireman Mark Branning has moved out and is separated from his wife Allie.  There is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and Allie and Mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage.  I wanted to like this book because it is a Christian novel with a good purpose.  Ninety percent of the books I've read have been secular but I'm starting to read more Christian novels.  But to me, this book fails for three reasons:  the marriage conflict between Mark and Allie isn't believable, the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight, and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing.		Mark and Allie's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he hasn't convinced her otherwise.  Seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery, but it is grounds for suspicion.  Yet, Allie assumes Mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman.  It seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight.  Instead, Mark and Allie separate and Allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair.		Blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between Mark and Allie.  Throughout the book, references are made to Allie believing Mark had an affair with Issie.  Allie refers to Mark's act as "adultery" and recalls him "lying" his way out of it after Allie caught him hugging Issie.  Their marriage is struggling, but Blackstock should have given more reasons why Allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book, Mark says he didn't have an affair and Allie chalks it up to one of his lies.Later in the novel, Blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late.The serial killer story is poorly done, and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book.  When they book a suspect at the end, it seems ridiculous.  The police work feels like it was written by an amateur.  One line in the novel, "As much as the evidence pointed to XXX, Stan didn't want to believe it."  In my opinion, the evidence didn't point to that person and Stan, the detective, seems foolish for believing it.  There isn't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story.  There is no sense of setting in the book.  There are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other.Finally, this book talks about God and prayer and being "saved" throughout the book, and that's great.  With a serial killer on the loose, a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way.  At one point, a conversation goes like this:  "How can the murder be part of God's plan?"  "Maybe it isn't"  "That would mean God isn't in control."  "He is in control, but he allows some things to happen."Then at another point, Mark says to Allie, "I'm going to be fine, it's time to trust the Lord.  He's taken care of us so far."Then Allie says:  "But I don't know what his plan is.  I don't know how he wants this to end.  I don't know what he wants to teach us."At other points in the book, characters say that God has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of God's plan and that through God's plan, all things can be used for good.  This line of logic is infuriating.  Bad things happen to everyone, including God's people.  God doesn't "allow" a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife.  That's a horrible message to send to a non-Christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck.  Telling them it was part of God's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from God.God is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and God can even keep bad things from happening to Christians.  But like above, where Allie was afraid because she thought God might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson, God doesn't willfully kill people.  It comes down to the simple fact that all people, including serial killers and Christians, have choices to make and have free will.I'm surprised I wrote so much on an 8 year old book but I wanted it to be a good book.  
0 Ugh. I did not even try to finish the book. It is full of sexual content. Not recommended for anyone who likes clean literature 
0 I agree with the last reader.  I didn't finish this book, it was SO boring.  NOTHING happened.  And the characters were annoying.  I read a lot of books that aren't action-oriented and like them.  But this one was  awful 
0 The advice in this book is solid and appropriate for most kids. However, the writer's attitude is judgmental. If you are buying this book, it's probably because your child's eating has not gone as smoothly as you'd like. For most of us, a lot of our parental self-esteem is wrapped up in this issue. So it just makes no sense to act as if it's usually the parent's fault - why alienate and beat up your target audience???? Plus, while I'm sure that some parents contribute to kids' eating issues, plenty of kids are just born more sensitive! If you can read between the lines and get to the take home message without letting her attitude get to you, more power to you - otherwise, go elsewhere. 
0 Melrose Larry Green's book is full of quotes.  Quotes and information used to back up points are good things.  He appears to have researched by surfing the Internet, watching television and legally incorporating the opinions of others.  This is all fine and acceptable.The problem with "Why the Clintons Belong in Prison" is when the author (cut and paste expert) attempts his own narrative, which is sporadic, jumpy and poorly edited.  His points are not linear, and show the author's attention deficit.  With a proper literary team, this book could have been something of note but unfortunately it feels like a "hit and run" report and reads like a one-sided sensationalized talk radio program.   
0 Yuck.  This book was totally boring.  Well, maybe you'll like it if you're, like, 7 or 8 years old or something.   Not only is it totally boring, but poorly written.  Which surprised me because Ann M. Martin is  certainly not a bad writer!  I'm really glad she left the BSC and started  writing a new series about them.  The BSC books are soo boring and  childish.  Please- a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog  runs loose for 2 seconds.  Don't waste your time reading the BSC books.   They are all pretty dumb 
0 Perfectly in keeping with the imperialist ethos that he so proudly and loudly espouses, Boot has foisted upon us a book that rests entirely on the labors of others.  Lacking even the slightest trace of shame, he plunders concepts and ideas from anyplace in the intellisphere he chooses.  As a result, there's nary a new thought nor insight to be found anywhere within these pages.Even more pitiably, like a renegade third world nuclear scientist trying to "sanitize" his clandestinely-acquired apparatus of any markings that might possibly identify its source, Boot assiduously scrubs away any subtleties and nuance that the original thoughts may have possessed.  One wearies quickly of the Manichaean results.And like any ideologically-driven but technically inept would-be nuclear (or social) engineer, he fails utterly in his attempt to enrich his raw material even minimally, succeeding only in rendering it more toxic and hazardous than it originally was.Why, even the title itself has been purloined from Alistair Home's 1977 underground classic, "A Savage War of Peace"!*  Considering that Home's tome arrives at essentially the opposite conclusions from Boot's, this is irony most profound.It is scarcely surprising, then, that recent history has thoroughly discredited the philosophies and policies so ear-splittingly trumpeted in Boot's book, thus rendering moot any lingering interest one might have had in perusing it -- unless one wishes to take counsel for the future by ruminating upon the Ozymandian ruins of Boot's espoused belief system.* Recently reprinted and highly recommended! 
0 I love Peterson's Guides, but the birds of Mexico is severely lacking.  The art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to North America, but unfortunately, it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other Peterson Guides.  Perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of Peterson Guides, but otherwise, buy Howell's or Edward's Guides, both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone.  Howell's is certainly the most complete, but Edward's guide is a bit handier in the field 
0 A useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing Accounting Standards and approaches between countries.  However, it is not worth the price.  It is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students.  It is more suitable for general second year accounting students.  Plus, as I am working with a multinational European bank in Japan, the book is, rapidly becoming, out of date.  There is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries 
0 Unfortunately, this book is the sign of what passes for humour these days. Even though it may have been remotely funny (sometimes the author comes close to being bearable), the book never actually tries to be. Humour is supposed to be smart. However, this book gives us the worst case of dumb 
0 Unfortunately, for all the name brand that this book conveys, I think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part.  There are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as McKinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales, boggles this readers mind.  The subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session.  No actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book, and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book, I would be astounded.  Save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation.  By the way, those giving 5 stars either can't read English very well or are shills for McKinsey 
0 While this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot, the mistakes are inexcusable.  Many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data. Therefore, one begins to lose trust in the information presented.  Be careful if you use this book 
0 People have been trying for years to prove that the founding cause of the Universe is natural occuring harmonies. These theories are usually the occult disguising itself as science. If these theories are correct there needs to be a 'fundamental' frequency (a demiurge style 'god of harmony') to begin the resonance. No such thing exists - see Scientific American, August 2005 'Is the Universe Out of a Tune? 
0 I have progressively become more and more disappointed with Rita Mae Brown's books in the past decade. Her early books were utterly magnificent; now, she rarely if ever deviates from her favorite (and by now, utterly boring) themes -- Southern manners, horse bloodlines, and foxhunting. Blessedly, "Whisker of Evil" was foxhunting-free, but suffered from a heavy-handed overload of the previous two. Rita Mae Brown would be wise to remember that there is a big world outside of her corner of Virginia, and many of us have grace, manners, and respect for others -- and we don't take kindly to being told that only Virginians understand these things. That's just simply not true.That said, there were some delightful aspects of "Whisker of Evil" -- the mystery itself was great, the animal characters were adorable as ever, and I loved learning more about Harry as a person and what makes her tick. Her quitting the post office was a great (and very unexpected) twist. I liked reading more about her home and her relationships. However, the stultifying minutiae of horse bloodlines was beyond me; was this directed at a heretofore-unknown segment of Rita Mae Brown's fan base? It was so out of context in this book; certain details contributed to the horses' relationships to one another, but she took it way too far and I found myself skipping pages. As well, I almost threw the book across the room when I came across a line that stated in so many words that only Virginians have manners. This is a common theme of Ms. Brown's and it is quite frankly offensive. There is a big, big world outside of Virginia -- Rita Mae Brown should know this, she has lived in it -- but her books and characters have become so parochial, insular and snobbish that it is an insult to those of us who do live elsewhere in that big world. I would have thought these kinds of statements were tongue-in-cheek if it wasn't such a recurring theme in so many of her books over the past decade. Enough already about Southern manners (a biased perception at best), ancestor worship, bloodlines (human and horse), and foxhunting. Whatever happened to characters like Celeste Chalfonte 
0 It was a mistake to buy it. Only few pages were interestin 
0 this book sucked. all the other people in my book group and I hated this book. there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa 
0 This is one of the worst-written programming books I have seen yet.  I'm sorry I bought it.  It appears to be written by a man who knows quite a bit about finance, and dangerously little about C++ programming.  Duffy's review correctly describes the main flaws.  I would add that (1) The book is not structured to build upon OO, GOF Patterns, or STL design principles; (2) The code does not follow even basic C++ coding conventions; (3) The images (screenshots) are agonizingly UNREADABLE; (4) The code listings are in ITALICS using a variable-pitch font [is COURIER font code listing so difficult to include in a $100 book???]; (5) No over-arching component object model is suggested ANYWHERE in the book.Some of the efforts at brevity are just plain WRONG or even DANGEROUSLY WRONG to teach beginning programmers.  For example, Pg 19 Data Types section:----------------int - holds integer numbers up to a little over 2 million, for example, "int I = 2000000;."long - same as int.----------------WRONG, PROFESSOR!  This is not only a syntactically incorrect example, but a just plain wrong assertion.  If the reader does not know how to determine the (platform-specific) size of an "int" or "long", then the author has only served to confuse the matter further!Furthermore, I consider it a "cheapskate" tactic to ask readers to pay for the code from this book in electronic form (particularly when the book's code listings are so sloppy).  That said, I would not use the code, even if it had been supplied for free ... but it *might* have been interesting to have something to play around with...Have any of the reviewers actually USED any code from this book without substantial refactoring?The only use I could see for this book is for intermediate-advanced fin-techs, who want to review a few general algorithms for selected derivative calculations (futures, forwards, etc) ... but just be prepared to squint and suffer through reading the code 
0 what to write? the book is kinda story book, and gives passages after passages. if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power, this one's not for you 
0 Ivalooshun is skary. i red the bibel. the bibel saez ivalooshun is bad. ivalooshun shud go away. i red wer sumwun saed the werld goez arund the sun but that is a lie. luk in the ski and yu can see the sun goe arund the werld. monsters is skary to. monsters shud goe away 
0 As a complete newbie to XML this was a good starter.  As I got deeper into XML I found several mistakes/deficiencies in the book, and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about.  For instance, the claim on page 86 that (#CDATA) is a valid DTD element content definition is flat out wrong.  His description of Schema element declarations (pp. 114-115) teaches that using globals/refs is the only way to define complex elements, and is inappropriate for his example.  He makes no mention of globals at all, leaving the reader confused.  I have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of XML information 
0 I got to page 26 and gave up.  Lockes writings lack focus and are void of humour.  I read as much as I could with patience until it became clear this book was simply someone rambling on about nothing.  Save your money for something worth reading 
0 This book is total self-propogating hogwash.  Garbage. Save your money, and your life, avoid this book like a big mac 
0 Sedgwick's character is a perverted boring loser.  Worst book I've ever read--well, almost read.  Talentless.  End of story 
0 Homesick: My Own Story by Jean Fritz is a story about an American girl who grows up in China. She spends a good part of her life wishing she could be in America, where she belongs. WHen she's not doing that, she'scorresponding with her grandmother,trying to make friends with some young chinese children,and learning british culture in school.	As you can see, Jean Fritz would be an excellent storywriter had she made it up. However, this story is an autobiography, and is in almost no way fictional. Jean Fritz is an excellent storywriter anyway, though. Jean Fritz describes the setting as if her pen were a plane ticket. Her story line makes it difficult to locate the plot, or even understand the full story. The autobiography is punctuated by emotions. All in all, this is a fine educational history text, but is not, in my opinion, a fitting storybook 
0 I am reading this for a college course called "History of the American City". This book is a typical 'college texbook' in that it is FILLED with numbers, dates, percentages, figures, numbers, oh did I say numbers, dates, figures, and years, oh and plenty of numbers... The brilliant,dilligent,honored, and esteemed scolar of a  woman that wrote it sure knows her numbers, facts, years, etc... I, on the other hand, am absolutley hating it and foolishly I have allowed the drop date to pass, so I have to read the book or fail the class. I am getting nothing from the book regarding any kind of understanding of any of these cities , unless I am willing to spend years interpreting the multitude of data the book heaps upon me. Needless to say, from (attempting)reading it I am getting a headache and don't really even have the time to write this review. I say that if even one person is deterred from reading this expose' of numbers, names, dates, figures, facts, percentages, orders, years, dates and more numbers, dates, facts, figures (are you getting my drift yet?), it will be time well served though.--- AVOID--- THIS--- BOOK.    please -- Find another book. Maybe if people told the truth about THIS BRAND OF WRITING,more professors might have to teach and people like Ms. Abu-Lughod wouldn't continue to  make money off of writing books such as this, and folks like her might have to write to COMMUNICATE!!!!, like the rest of us.Thank you for taking the time to read this.  OK, I have to say it: This sucks.  
0 This book has too many errors. There is nothing more frustrating than to follow the steps outlined and find out it does not work because they did not Q&A the examples.ie. They ask you to select a field from the table, but the field does not exist. The stored procedure does not include it.You would have to know how to write SQL to correct this 
0 This was the first Collin Wilson book I read.  He has probably read a lot to write this book, but to anyone at least a little into the occult it is clear that he have no idea what he is talking about.If you are interested in this matter (the occult knowledge) as something you would read about but never, ever try to verify if it is true or practice anything, maybe this book is ok.But if you are serious about it and really want to know what true and what is fake, please stay away from this book.  He is so wrong about even simple things that could have been verified with just a few months of practical experimentation. 
0 The only good thing about this book is that it was short. Even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country, Gary Hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again. OK, the Monroe Doctrine is important, I GET IT!I read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and I cannot remember a book as bad as this. If you want a quick view of James Monroe, you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that 
0 The photo presented here is a bit too bright and the faces are not that orange in this paperback edition's cover. However you can get a feel for the checked floor and how after opening the pages of The Doorbell Rang you get an eye sore with the blue checkered tablecloth in the kitchen with the blue stove and red appliances. The mother and daughter are both redheads and there is a black cat that hangs around during the story that takes place in the kitchen. With just twenty pages my seven-year old breezed through the book in six minutes. The favorite character in the book according to my son is the cat and watching where he was throughout the story. The Doorbell Rang begins with a Mother placing a plate of cookies on the kitchen table for her son Sam and daughter Victoria. " I've made some cookies for tea, said Ma". The children each took six cookies comparing the look and smell of these cookies to Grandma's.By flipping through the pages of the Doorbell Rang it looks like the kitchen table got bigger, but upon further inspection the same number of chairs are there, but more kids around the table and fighting over the seats. The cat is making his way around the kids to receive pats on the head and attention. More kids arrived bringing a bicycle and a doll carriage and the table shows each kid with one cookie. It is hard to tell if the cookies are on white plates or that is just part of the checkered tablecloth. The serving plate is clearly empty at this point and all the kids turn to see the latest bell ringer. Meanwhile over at the stove the steam is continuing but at a larger pace and it looks like fresh water now in the orange pail. The final arrival for this story is Grandma, with a large cookie sheet type tray carrying freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. All the kids leave the table to greet her and the cat ends up alone on the kitchen table. Not very sanitary as far as I am concerned and my son noticed no napkins or drinks at the table. The dirty floor was bothering him as well and he wondered why the kids never took their shoes off for that is something we all do upon entering our home.  The portrayal of the Mother and how the stove was not being attended and having the cat on the table bothered me. The kids not stopping to wipe their feet or hanging up their own belongings and no one washing their hands before having a cookie and who knows how many times the kids each touched one of them. At least the kids were dressed nice and the bucket of water never spilled and the Mother finally sat down. For a new reader this might be a fun read but for more than one read I highly doubt there would be interest. There is a lot of repetition with the arrival of new kids and then the sharing of the cookies while comparing them to each child's Grandma's cookies. There are roughly two to four sentences on each page. The good news is that my son did not ask for any cookies after reading this 
0 The premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into "leadership by Calling" and comparisons to it with "modern leadership theory."  Les Csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion; a point with which I agree. Unfortunately, some of the examples he chooses are questionable...  After warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders, Csorba chastises German Chancellor Schroeder for turning back on some promises to George W Bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives.  Meanwhile he praises Jack Welch for going from Neutron Jack to a gentler Jack (which Jack says he would abandon if needed)while still making the "tough" decisions that got the "results" for the shareholders.  Jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results... OK.  Also, there is no mention that Jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home...  Unfortunately the theme in Csorba's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of Democrats and forgiving the sins of the Republicans.  He does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded Republicans in a meek attempt at balance.  It's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work.  It started off so well.  It started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book.  It also started off well even though he chose to make George W Bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader.  Unfortunately this conservative/political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going.  It kept going to the point that I could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks I know who really need it. They would simply say its a Bush-ie/right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise.  Too bad.  Csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual.I say this even though I am Republican, am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for Bush BEFORE the election, am a person of faith, and tend to find the Dems an easy target.  But this book was supposed to be about so much more than Republican politics.  Too bad 
0 If we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the Prague Spring and street protests in the U.S., as Kurlansky attempts in this book, the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year.  The reader is owed specifics, yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes.  Prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent, but prohibited it.  Chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government, however flawed, resulting from open debate.  A bigger difference could hardly be imagined.  But Kurlansky does see striking differences, albeit only in the post-1968 world.  The Soviet bloc began it's decent to oblivion, while the capitalist West avoided the same.  His disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean, though what manner of "revolution" he envisions is never rendered to specifics, likely for good reason.  But who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do 
0 This is for beginners, it's filled with useless forms, and it provides very little information beyond a common-sense and reasoned approach to real estate.  Surely there must be better resources than this 
0 I originally had to read this book for a History of Rock and Roll class at the University of Cincinatti. I found the subject interesting, and the professor gave wonderful lectures. I had good expectations about this book going in, but those quickly soured as I read it.It seems correct, at least, about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock. Not that such is a particularly daunting feet.However, it is rife with laughable fallacies. For instance, it calls David Bowie, amongst other glam rock bands of the era, metal. It futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock, when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all, such as the Carpenters.I really had a good laugh when they called Bad Religion hardcore. Bad Religion is about as hardcore as Elvis is rap. Further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book.I also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs. For instance, it claims 'Thunder Rolls' by Garth Brooks is about domestic violence. Its about infedility, not focusing on violence at all, but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on.The writing is also rather dry. Many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence. It also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band's successes or failures.After reading the book in completetion, I really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues (50s to 60s) that I had thought were true. In the end, I felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything 
0 I found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women.  Men are to rule, and women are to submit to that rule.  The authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men, rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level.  I suggest anyone who reads this books should also read "Discovering Biblical Equality."  It gives another view of how the Christians world see the role of women 
0 This book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle.  Read "The Fat Fallacy" instead, it provides much more practical information 
0 After reading all the author's books so far, i realized he is repeating himself. In all his books (including the ones which Myron Bolitar isn't present) there are the same elements in the plot: disappeared person who might or not be dead, mobster guys who might or not be involved in the plot, the hero gets beaten by mosbter guys and is always saved "in the last minute", someone wealthy and with lots has interest in the plot but no one knows for sure. As the plots became being built upon the same structure, the suprise is getting less and less after each book.  Being someone who started liking mistery books after reading all Agatha Christie's ones, and because each book of hers is completely diferent from the other, i look for the same originality in other mistery books.Of course the book is good for a first time Harlan Coben reader. I just didn't like it that much because of the repetitions, which make very easy to guess the final, spoiling the suspense of the reading 
0 ANOTHER HYPROCRITICAL NUT. THESE CHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTS LIKE  ARE LITERALLY SCREAMING JESUS,WHILE CUTTING YOUR THROATS, NOT UNLIKE THE JIHADI FUNDAMENTALISTS. THE ONLY THING IS THEY CANT DO THAT NOW  AS  THEY USED TO COUPLE OF HUNDRED YEARS BACK BY ENSLAVING AND LYNCHING BLACKS,KILLING NATIVE AMERICANS,AND SHOWING THEIR CHRISTIAN LOVE FOR THE JEWS- BY EXTERMINATING THEM. HOPE OUR FUTURE GENERATIONS DONT HAVE TO LIVE IN A CHRISTIAN SAUDI ARABIA. THIS IS WHAT THESE WHACKOS ENVISION 
0 Doesn't this author know that peanuts are notoriously high in Omega-6 fatty acids? How can you base a book on a high omega-6 food when we already have 20 times more omega-6 than we are supposed to? This is yet another fad diet book--aren't we tired of these yet 
0 I am a Jew living in a college town in Mississippi for the past 5 years. I was born & raised in the North. I think Evans should rename his book "Fiddler on the Roof in the South". His book is a very nostalgic look back at Jewish history - as it was in the past here. It's very much: the southern Jews were all so happy, they all fit in and were accepted, etc. He does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us 'Yankee Jews', like the instances when a few (Yankee)Rabbis in the South fought for civil rights. Evans should realize that times have REALLY CHANGED HERE! The evangelical Christians in my town (which is most people here) harrass me like crazy - 'I am praying for you!' 'Have you read the words of Jesus, who was a Jew like you?' 'When will you come to my Church'. Blah, blah, blah. Thank God for the minority of Catholics, Methodists, Presbyterians and a few others who live here. They are the only ones to accept me for the way I am, and the way I will stay - a Jew. I want all who are reading this to realize that I am only speaking for my experience. Jews who reside in cities in the South have told me that they have had far better experiences, and that they cannot relate to what I am saying.But I do want to ask Evans a few questions:1) If things are so great for the Jews in the South: Why have you lived in New York for decades now???2) Why don't you at least write either a new Forward to the book, a magazine article, etc., contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of Jews in the South have changed over time (for some of us at least), primarily due to the rise of the evangelical Christians?I read Evans' books before I moved here, and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here. For a Jew who really cares about her/his religion living here is depressing; it is practically Jew-less; and, at best, the majority of a certain denomination of Christians here ignore me. (By the way, I am planning to move to a city!)By the way, don't bother writing to me to tell me that I am "wrong", or to invite me to things like the Bible Study at your Church. Believe me, with all the praying for me that is going on in this town, and all the myriad attempts to convert me, if it hasn't happened by now, as they say in these parts, it just ain't gonna happen 
0 What this is: an epic adventure. It would be imappropriate to review the WOT series when speaking of the Prophesies of the Dragon book; it's also not really a supplement akin to, say, The Monster Manual for D&D--the only extra skills, feats, backgrounds, etc are those directly related to NPCs in the campaign. What Prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring, which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels. The players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book's key characters. It's a really ambitious undertaking; players have to be given a compelling storyline, feel like they're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time, without letting them change what happens in the novels.Does it work? I am currently GMing this adventure. On paper, it looks really good. Some of the scenes, especially in the later parts of the story, look exciting, moving even. Faile's cameo is perfect, for example. In practice, though, it's been an extremely frustrating experience. First, the early encounters (as pointed out by another reviewer) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot. As things progress, the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players. There is one chapter, for example, where the introduction says something along the lines of, "Upon entering the city, the players will want to find (a certain NPC) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of (another NPC)." The players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually, but the other one was off their radar completely. Throughout, I've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3, they're feeling very manipulated.The campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship (including, at one point, a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions) on the chance of thwarting same. Characters with any other motivations (say, a character modeled after Mat or Nynaeve in the books) will feel forced into situations unnaturally. There has been more than one point where one of the players saying, "I *think* this is where the plot wants us to go."So, in conclusion, while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope--and it's definitely better than something I could have designed myself--but it will fail often fail as a game. If you are intending to run a WOT campaign, buy this adventure, read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope BEFORE you even let your players make up characters. The characters need to be created to fit the story or the story won't work 
0 Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy Neal Stephenson's books.  The historical content he winds into his plots is engaging.  However, I have been working with the micro computer since before the command line.  Neal, you have the title wrong.  In the beginning was the Monitor.  No doubts in my mind.  My right hand is still trained to enter octal codes on a keypad at lightening speed!  The Command line came much later, more like the coalescence of matter in the Universe when clumps of useful things needed some impactful gravity.  The Monitor was there before the clumps and after the octal toggle switches, address load and register load momentary switches.  The Monitor got the human fingers attached to the computer once and for all.   So, 2 stars because the title is just wrong 
0 This is basically a commercial pitch for Dr. Murad's spas and products. Unless you are planning on buying his regime, he gives very, very scant information about how you could accomplish the program using other, less expensive products. Don't expect an easy how-to giving you day by day advice of supplements and skin care. It's not here. I decided to buy this based on other's good reviews. Now I'm thinking that they were written by employees. I was very disappointed 
0 I didn't see the other reviews until after my copy arrived. Having now wasted a weekend reading this book, I have to agree with everyone. The topic sounds great, the book isn't 
0 Having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series, I was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement. Yes Clive is well read, English and Italian, yes he does know the difference between a Donatello and a Michelangelo, but do we need to know every book he read in the two years, every painting he saw and how it moved him. The simple answer is no. Unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out.The story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud 
0 I forced myself to finish this book, though it was touch and go in several places, just so I could feel able to review it fairly.  It seems I liked it even less than reviewer Ms. Trieste "CF", below, but I am in general agreement with her points.  There are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating "famous names" don't really stand out for me.  Let's see, where to begin:  the naive political ranting, the unspeakable dialogue, the corny love interest, the wholly implausible technology, the absurd coincidences, the distractingly disjointed structure, the proliferation of minor characters, the talky explanations of the detective's thought processes, the total incompetence and corruption of the police - I can't go on; it's hackneyed and poorly written, and that's all there is to it. 
0 The humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word "hilarity" however, I did not come across any situation that I would classify as even funny,  not to mention hilarious.  I thoroughly enjoyed her first novel, Pink Slip, however, this one seemed depressing.  The two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story.  The plot seemed to be very SLOW - the whole story took place in a matter of days, but really, nothing took place in the book.  All in all, they bought a house.  I would pass on this for better reads elsewhere 
0 I do not recomend this book because the author gives poor explanations. In chapter 5, he explains steady state error for unity feed back HORRIBLY. He says the value of c(t) must be infinite or nonzero, but doesnt bother to show why. This book needs more work making concepts clearer and making less assumptions. Its not all bad, but its not 5 stars everyone else has given it. I have read good textbooks, this isnt one of them. 
0 Tedious and inane come to mind. It is written as a first person narrative consisting almost entirely of a stream of disparaging comments about everyone else written in a "catty" pseudo-feminist style, rambling descriptions of Egyptian archaeology - real or imagined - thinly veiled racist comments about the "ignorant natives" of Egypt and inept sexual innuendo. The book is very slow moving and the plot seems forced. The characters do not come across as real.  Very disappointing. Leave this one on the library shelf 
0 This book is for the diehard Dave Navarro fans only. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was that the use of  instamatic photos in the book is creative. The text is nothing more than diary entries by the guitarist. Neil Straus approached writing The Dirt with Motley Crue is a much more creative way which kept me interested. This book  falls short unless I would have been inclined to want to see things Dave's way. I grew restless of this pretty quickly 
0 For those of you who have not yet read this book: this book is about a white-wannabe black girl who pays way too much attention to her friend's puberty. I have never read a worse book in my life. This book is shallow, boring, and completely pointless 
0 Unfortunately there are not much words to loose. Poor writing together with the fact that practically all facts were lifted from Cameron's 'Conversation with Wilder' which is highly recommended btw, make this book forgettable. Why going through the whole exercise of publishing it is quite a mystery 
0 More Than Human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas.The writing is often compared to that of Faulkner but I wouldn't make that connection having read a few of Faulkner's works.  Sturgeon uses many of Faulkner's narrative trademarks (i.e. streaming conscious, first person perspective of low IQ individuals, disorienting changes in first person narrative) but I didn't feel the net effect really compared to say something like As I Lay Dying.I love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously.  This results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books.  More Than Human is slow, dated and not what I would describe as genre transcending nor would I recommend it to others.  So the idea might of been original in the 50's but topics like telekenesis, ESP, computer-brain babies, and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before (Asimov) and since.  This book rarely set off that wow! button in my head or kept me turning pages.  This book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best.In 1953 there were 5 Hugo Award nominees for best science fiction book (Determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004)  The Retro Hugo awards are fascinating because the voting (in this example) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society can't really be ignored.  Besides More Than Human, the far superior The Caves Of Steel, Childhood's End, and Farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi.  Needless to say, More Than Human did not win (Farenheit 451 did and rightfully so)Bottom Line:  I wanted to like this book and it doesn't surprise me that others give it such high praise.  These are probably people that don't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
0 Poorly written and not edited. It will confuse you more that help you 
0 Good, but it simply wasn't actionous enough. I don't mind having no action in a book (otherwise how else could I love Foundation so much?), but Children was a book that NEEDED to have action in it. Unfortunately it didn't really. Too much philosophical babble that I had to re-read to get it. Slightly reminiscent of Card's later Shadow series with the sheer amount of internal monologue. Too much about Jane, not enough about the pequeninos and barely anything about Ender, which annoyed me. To my shock Ender's death did not really impact me in any way, beyond--"Huh? Wait...Ender is dead?", so little was his role in the book. He probably talked for only about twelve pages altogether.EDIT: From now on I am never giving a book that I halfway like two stars again because each time, I receive the urge to change my rating to three stars.  Just keep in mind that while it says two, it means three 
0 I'm sorry I wasted the money. I can see by the reviews you either love it or hate it.  I'm not squeamish by nature, but this book is one continuous torture fest which not only targets human victims, but animals as well.  Three quarter's way through, when I realized this indeed was the premise from beginning to end, I started skipping these parts (which got me to the last page quite quickly). I was bored and disgusted with the author.  I believe he had a sick fetish and lived them out through these pages. In the end my eyeballs got six-pack abs from rollng around so much.  This book is going on my "Do Not Lend" shelf as I value my friends and wouldn't consider them subjecting them to such gory nonsense.  
0 I wanted to like this book, but I had to give up in the end. If the overall vignette concept is attractive enough, the execution of detail isn't -- Kosinski can't write. He tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important, whereas the reader is always expected to discover "depth" in simplicity. Nothing to be recommended for 
0 The information contained within this book was extremely out of date with a strong emphasis on steroids. It is a shame there are not more current and useful books for pet owner out there on this widespread problem. 
0 I'm a Zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown.  Two major problems with this worthless book:1. Almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading.2. I find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes, and thought they were *good*!  Most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables.  I mean, an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus?? 
0 Mark Furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner. This is the same guy who almost imediately solved the OJ murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview. One big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict. Mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics. He can add nothing to the Terry Schiavo story. 
0 I simply do not see any point in mixing Crime Fiction with Crime and Punishment.  
0 A gold sticker on this book's cover reads &quot;WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE FOR LITERATURE.&quot;  Don't be mislead. The sticker must refer to the author not the book.  While he no doubt received the prize, after wading through the work I can't believe it was for this piece of work.  I found the book exceedingly boring, a chore to read every step of the way.  As the Iberian peninsula physically separates from Europe, several unengaging and underdeveloped characters (the most interesting of which was a dog) wander from one destination to another with meager purposes, certainly none I cared about. While the book may have been intended as an allegory for Portugal's relationship with the rest of Europe and the European Union, it failed to strike a chord.  I'll chalk this book up as something only a Pulitzer Prize judge would love 
0 Extremely difficult to dig through the excessive examples in order to find the relevant theorems and results. Because of this, the problems at the end of each chapter become exercises in tedium, as more time is spent searching for the necessary theorems in the text than in actually working out the solution. I do not recommend 
0 This book does cover alot of information not needed for CLEP, but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep.  I wanted to ensure I was prepared for the clep, so I purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments.  Although, they were right about the obscurity, this book still taught me alot.  You don't necessarily need it, but if you want to be prepared, this book will not hurt your bank account that much. I also recommend The Complete Itiots Guide to American Literature (5 stars, check out the reviews), and the Internet.  That is all you need 
0 I thought this was the MOST boring book I've ever read! I hated it and about 1/3 of the way through I quit reading it 
0 'Introducing Postmodernism' is a good source to gather names of philosophers, architects, artists, anthropologists, linguists, and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to PM. The problem, and it is a big one, is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines. Sure, if you only have half an hour to read up on PM, you can whip through this book and go on with your life. But if you're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon, and perhaps go on to read more, this book is NOT the place to start. Check out David Harvey's 'Condition of Postmodernism.' This will rip the top of your head clean off! It's much more weighty (in every sense of the word), but your understanding of PM will vastly improve, and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the 'genre' 
0 Same old GW bunch of ridiculous opinions. I thought this one might be better, but no...Now even pine isn't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine 
0 I clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here, who will all have to forgive me for thinking that Susan Cooper's "The Dark Is Rising" is plain awful. This book was recommended to Harry Potter fans who have run out of HP books to read. I must say it was a waste of my time to read "Dark."Never have I read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero. In this case, we are told that on his 11th birthday, an English boy named Will Stanton discovers he is the last of "The Old Ones." Unlike JK Rowling who, in the first pages of Harry Potter & the Philosopher's (or Sorcerer's) Stone, provides the reader with a vivid description of Harry as skinny, with an unruly mop of black hair, startlingly green eyes, and, of course, a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead, Cooper does not describe Will Stanton at all. The result is that the reader, after having read 244 pages, still cannot visualize what Will looks like!!I also find quite annoying Cooper's approach to this good vs. evil tale. She is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are The Old Ones, and who or what exactly is The Dark. As for The Dark being evil, all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that The Dark means cold, snow, and--of course--darkness. Excuse me: but is this the best Cooper can do? Is this what this book is about?--the Druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark, summer vs. winter, warmth vs. cold? What happened to the conception of evil as MORAL evil? 
0 This book is awful.  I have read the entire thing, and it says nothing that is useful.  I have been in public accounting for 10 years, and i am now ready to start my own firm.  I wasted my money on buying this book.  I know it is tempting to buy, since the title is exactly what i was looking for, but trust me, choose another book.  The accounting Guild website that the author constantly refers to is no longer in existence 
0 Never in my life have I been so outraged by what I have read as by the drivel spouted by Dr. West in this book (in his Translator's Note), and by the use of `unponderingly' and "the Thinkery" (among other things) in his translation of The Clouds. I also read his translation of Plato's Apology of Socrates, and found it grossly inferior to Jowett.Four Texts on Socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly: it should be hurled with great force. (Apologies to Dorothy Parker.)Not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept, almost everything that he writes in his Translator's Note is wrong.The Clouds is a play, not a scientific or mathematical treatise. As such, it has characters and dialogue. A `modern' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a `modern' audience. If a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary, one does not make him spout drivel such as 'unponderingly'; one gives him a `shtick', which is a theatrical term. It's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character. You create, through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together, a characterization. He could be made to speak like a parody of William F. Buckley or the Star Wars character Yoda. As it stands, West's text cannot be presented as a play.It is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as 'unponderingly'; indeed, it is inexcusable. It conveys neither humor nor cleverness. It comes off simply as stupid. The translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters, which Dr. West obviously does not. To state it bluntly: The translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization, and who are creative. Dr. West doesn't have a creative bone in his body.In regard to his translation of Plato's The Apology of Socrates, the translation by Dr. West is both original and good, but the parts that are good are not original, and the parts that are original are not good. After all, when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as Benjamin Jowett to follow, the temptation to do something entirely different is strong. But it must be resisted. If Dr. West had merely lightly revised Jowett's great work, he would have made a contribution to learning. Alas, he did neither. The version by Jowett is clearly superior. Here is a short excerpt:"And I must beg of you to grant me a favor: If I defend myself in my accustomed manner, and you hear me using the words which I have been in the habit of using in the agora, at the tables of the money-changers, or anywhere else, I would ask you not to be surprised, and not to interrupt me on this account. For I am more than seventy years of age, and appearing now for the first time in a court of law, I am quite a stranger to the language of the place; and therefore I would have you regard me as if I were really a stranger, whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue, and after the fashion of his country: Am I making an unfair request of you? Never mind the manner, which may or may not be good; but think only of the truth of my words, and give heed to that: let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly."Compare West's inept version:"...I do very much beg and beseech this of you: if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches I am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables, where many of you have heard me, and elsewhere, do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this. For this is how it is: now is the first time I have come before a law court, at the age of seventy; hence I am simply foreign to the manner of speech here. So just as, if I really did happen to be a foreigner, you would surely sympathize with me if I spoke in the dialect and way in which I was raised, so also I do beg of you now (and it is just, at least, as it seems to me): leave aside the manner of my speech--for perhaps it may be worse, but perhaps better--and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this: whether the things I say are just or not. For this is the virtue of a judge, while that of an orator is to speak the truth.""Speaking...with the same speeches I am accustomed to speak"? How utterly inept and repetitive! Didn't he even proof-read? One doesn't speak with 'speeches', one speaks with words!It is obvious that Dr. West never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness, which is surprising, because this work is supposed to be a speech. Dr. West's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud, whereas Jowett's is. In West's translation, Socrates is a clumsy, repetitive, and inept speaker. Needlessly so. If you want to read a good translation, see Jowett's 3rd edition (1892).Why does Dr. West believe himself qualified to make translations? Nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so. This is not the work of a scholar, but that of a bungling hack. These translations are travesties. How does work this nauseatingly bad get published?NOT RECOMMENDE 
0 Let's make this clear... I won't put any more effort into writing this review than the author spent on the book itself. So this is going to be short and sweet!  This book is a glorified magazine.  Worth $14.95 - tops.  The pitfalls of bookbuying online, I guess.  You never know what you are going to get.  Anyways, most the book comprises photographs that actually discourage me from bothering with infrared.  The text portion, however brief, is nothing more than a bland introduction to infrared.  The uninitiated might even be led to believe that Kodak and Konica are the only game in town in infrared films.  Throughout the book the author treats these two as the &quot;Coke and Pepsi&quot; of infrared films.  I'm going to look elsewhere for a good source of info on this subject and suggest you do the same 
0 Cryptic and confusing muddle of mush. If this is the "new style" of writing, we are in trouble folks. 
0 A singularly dull book, the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung, a South victorious with modern weapons, seemed too trivial.  The author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing.  Unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not.  The character of Robert E. Lee in the book is just too, too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts.  I finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that I put it down halfway through.  I am not sure if it turns out the way I think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other 
0 The book was long and boring. To many and way to much descriptive details. I regret ever purchasing the book. Had to really fight with my self to finish the book. I'm glad it's over 
0 Book is totally disorganized.  Beautiful pictures, but no way of researching values.  The price list is in the back organized by lot no & auction no.  NO reference to the illustration of the marbles in the front of the book, no way to look it up.  Starts out promising, then becomes a total jumble.  Totally impossible to locate anything.  Too time consuming, and then still no resolve 
0 What could have been a hilarious, informative account of breaking outlandish old-fashioned laws and getting (or not getting) in trouble for them turns out to be no more than the story of a couple of clueless young British guys (I think the author is around 23) wryly making fun of America's perceived backwardness. Sometimes it just seemed like they were trying to do things and, when they couldn't, they outright gave up on some great chances. The Swedish girls in Frisco: WHY include it if it didn't come to fruition and, furthermore, involved no lawbreaking??? I'm still wondering why they included their 2-page tour of Hearst Castle when it was little more than a miniscule travel log (cool, Hearst had Greco-Roman statues in his poolroom).They don't get arrested and they don't really accomplish anything. Too bad 
0 I ordered the book from them on Nov1. On Nov 15 I called and they told me they didn't have it. The money was returned by Amazon 
0 This book is typical for many of its kind, just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing 
0 Two of us read this book and we were both disappointed.  Characters are depressing and annoying.  The storyline is predictable.  We both loved John's two last books but fiction is not his forte.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
0 If you are interested in cheap tricks rather than substance, this is the book for you. There is no easy way to learn Japanese. There are easier ways, but no easy ways. Where is the beef? Not here 
0 By chance before picking this up I had just finished The Heart is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers, and was struck by the similarities and differences. It's a great "compare and contrast" pair, as an exercise for high-schoolers.Both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary. Heart published in 1940, and Castle in 1948, both about life in the 30s. Both families are poor. In Castle though, there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs. This is supposedly because they "don't know how to do anything". So instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter. How charming! They are "eccentric", which seems enough in the author's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves. Only Stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper, enamored of Cassandra, does work and gives the family his entire salary. But he is of the class that is expected to toil after all. Even he is rewarded in the end--able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum Topaz--striking poses.Unlike the looming and grinding poverty of Heart then, the poverty in the Castle never amounts to more than a lark--educated folks playing at being poor until they're rescued by romantic circumstance. Not so in America where Mick Kelly, who didn't know how to do anything either, went off to work at Woolworth's, and to a life of little hope.In Castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina, the inheritance. Two dashing young wealthy Americans one of whom has inherited the castle, show up just in time, with their chatty modern mum. They throw money around and talk too much, in the cliched extravagant American style. Most of the remainder of the novel consists of Cassandra and her sister Rose swooning over one brother or the other, with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being. It's all so very charming, bourgeois, and harmless. If your life is hard don't worry--a man will show up to rescue you!The reviews for this novel in Amazon are overwhelmingly positive. Smith was obviously talented. Her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read. I wish she had given Cassandra a little more ambition. 
0 The author is a sociologist and tells of testing the opinions of two groups as to OJ's guilt. [There was no test as to the extent of their actual knowledge!] You won't learn anything new from this book. It has a long list of books on the subject, but the author gave no ratings or summaries on them. Were they all equal in quality? The OJ case received more publicity than the Oklahoma City bombing or the Clinton impeachment. The National Association of Editors and Publishers has never told of the reasons for its play in the news. Could it have been intended as a distraction from other news? In May 1994 the newspapers carried stories on how North Korea was ready to attack and start a war; this was repeated weekly. In 1999 I read that President Carter had been sent on a diplomatic mission to North Korea (must have been a success, since the propaganda stopped). Could the double murders in Brentwood have been well-publicized as a distraction? Isn't two murders a day the usual LA statistics? How many other waiters (just from Mezzaluna) were murdered each year? Are murders by organized crime often solved?The book "Killing Time" noted that restaurants and health clubs (in LA and elsewhere) were often used a fronts for drug dealing and prostitution. If this explains the murders, you won't find much in this book. [My experience is that most white Americans made up their minds in June 1994 and never let the new facts interfere with their prejudgment.] 
0 The only misstep so far in a wonderful series.  I was so eager for the book, I got a copy of the British edition, before it got to the US.  But I was disappointed.  Somehow this just just doesn't get off the ground.  Could Davis be tiring of Falco?  It seems to me that she is.  Maybe it's time to DO something, Lindsey!  Make some real changes in tbe characters' situations or kill them off.  Real dullness in the supporting cast and plot, and the main characters (besides Falso, who always has a life of his own) pall 
0 The author is an owner and operator of a tutoring center. He is not an expert in auto mechanics.  As he points out on the back cover the pictures and the concepts were for teenage boys and the accompanying graphics are of poor quality.If you actually want to learn anything substative of autos this is a poor poor choice. You are better of visiting the automotive section of www.howstuffworks.com or some similar website to learn more with better graphics and for free.I bought this book long time ago and finally had the time to look at it and I regret it 
0 Patronizing, dreadful, insincere, badly written book. I cut my losses after about four chapters of this fool's memoir. I don't recommend it 
0 In the grand tradition of Rational Corp - this is an overpriced book from Rational Corp to complement its overpriced software. I must commend the HealthCare example in the book that is described in fair detail.  The book's website is empty and does not supplement the book's content - only contains a link to order the book and an email to contact the authors. If you have to buy it, buy a used  copy or read the free marketing stuff on the Rational website 
0 What should have been a fascinating book, at the very least as a voyeuristic experience, fails to deliver largely due to its poorly written pages. The text stumbles along from incomprehensible link to allusive derailment, making the mistake of huge chunks of repetitive material which inevitably detract from the fascinating subject matter. Perhaps more of an editng disaster than an author's failure.....at the heart of which lies a story deserving a more coherent telling 
0 More like a diary of some of Tom's successes (and he has had many) but only a few anecdotes.  Buy one of TJ Cloutier's books (or Slansky's) for much much more insight 
0 A friend bought this book for my birthday - thank god I didn't pay for it.  I'm sure she meant well, as did many other friends who gave me a few guides for Las Vegas as I visited there for a holiday last month.  All I can say is that out of all the travel books I had with me, this one was by far the most useless.  Outdated listings (by a few years I would discover when I asked a few locals) shallow writing and really off suggestions from this writer made this book a real stinker 
0 The book I am going to talk about is the book Arms and the Man By Bernard Shaw. I really did not like this book because it was hard for me to understand.  The reason I didn't like it was because it was challenging for me. The English was hard to understand. I liked how the writer wrote the book and I would probably look for another one of his books. This book was more like an opera with out music. If I could have and known to I probably would not have this enthusiastic about the book. One reason I picked the book was because it was dealing with war and I thought it would have been cool to read about war, but when I got more in to the book it was really not about war it was more about a love at war. If you're an older audience it would be a good book, or if you're looking for a good love-war story. 
0 I certainly agree that Portis is a talented writer, but I just didn't find him all that funny.  Perhaps I'm missing something, but I thought that the characters were strange enough, not amusing, just strange.  I was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited.  I forced myself to finish the book and I was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book, which comes at the very end of the novel 
0 This book serves the purpose of listing all available moves for the preset roster and shows all available storylines in the game.  That's about it.  No instruction on Create a Wrestler, or for that matter, create anything.  In fact, the previous two items I listed (moves and storylines) are pretty much the only content in this book.  I don't know; maybe I'm spoiled by Prima and the good job they do writing for PC games.  They just could have included a LOT more content, that's all.  You could have found any old FAQ in 30 seconds of search-engine poking 
0 A 600+ pages tour of Flash MX buttons and menus... with just a couple ridiculously elementary  "tutorials" thrown in. Makes me think of somone who had to write a flash book and has never done anything with it but figure out how the user interface works.  You won't find anything useful in here, that is about CREATING something with Flash. As for me I am never gonna buy a book from this author again, and I am probably also ditching the whole "savvy" line as well. 
0 This book doesn't make any sense. It is so, so, so b-o-r-i-n-g. The book is not well written, and the sentences are way too short. I woudn't recommand this book to anyone 
0 Erickson, a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works, all based on bogus, doctored and unrelaible Soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of Bolshevik invincability. 
0 As a follower of the Celebration story for many years, I was greatly disappointed by what I thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town.  It was nothing of the sort.  The book had the feel of  so many pages of anti-Disney propaganda, and the repetitiveness of a bad  serial.  The authors of Celebration U.S.A. clearly made up their minds  about Celebration long before signing off on a mortgage.  Lacking in the  detail needed to illustrate Celebration's experiment with the tenets of  neotraditional style, the book offered splashes of cliched generalities  such as "a return to the past" and "recapturing tradition."  It soon became  some sort of mantra exhorting Disney's ownership of the town, the rules  imposed on property improvements and maintenance, and, interestingly, the  attention the town received.  Most tactless of all was the shadow of  mockery cast on every description of residents, conversation with  neighbors, and interaction with people doing what the authors SHOULD have  been doing: giving the town a chance 
0 I can attest to the author's views, because I too have precognition, telepathy, and remote viewing ability. For example, right now I see the author counting his income from the book and laughing at the gullibility of new age readers. 
0 I am a fan of Tanya Huff and the series of books with HEnry and Victoria.  But this one is not it.  While Henry is there he is such a minor character. The main character is Tony Foster a homosexual street kid who tanya should have left on the street.  I was totally bored and read the book through because I was hoping it would get better, then i was happy when it was over.  The plot idea was great, but it was not developed well and left me wanting for something more.  I was expecting Henry to be a major player like he was with Victoria, but no, he is relegated to Tony's homosexual vampire lover who helps Tony out.  Disappointing. Dull.  I won't read the rest of this series, The Tony Foster series.Hey, Tanya, how about a series of Henry Fitzroy, I would read that 
0 It's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers.   The book is very basic providing mostly very general information.   The chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs.  The book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both.   Certainly won't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by Bicycling Magazine 
0 After reading the trilogy, I was left wondering what the hell happened? I have just read all 3 of the His Dark Materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker.   Pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories I've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy. There isn't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess. If you look up `anticlimax' in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of this book. From first page to last, time is wasted on boring characters, while all the good ones are either killed off, or just MIA for the entire book. Spoilers ahead.  What about Lyra and her parents? Somehow, she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl? She never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations. And Will just goes back with Mary Malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops. Over a cup of tea, naturally. And that's it for him.In addition to all that, this book doesn't even seem to be connected to the first two. None of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends, Will and Lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . .  all in the last 30 pages. What happened to the story, for cripes sake?!  And what happened to the `temptation'? Was choosing not to stay with Will her way of not succumbing to it? The whole premise is just so lame to start out with. As an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries didn't endanger the universe, why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give Lyra and Will a chance to know each other. The flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another. Supposedly, they had more than gonads going for them, they survived death together!  Pullman didn't feel like thinking it through, he just wanted a gut wrenching ending. In addition to that, he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the `reality' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning. All of Will and Lyra's efforts are futile, kind of like - guess what? religion for the rest of us morons. After having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever, ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper. Iorek Byrnison, Lee Scoresby - instead we get page after page about Mary Malone the Disaffected former Nun. Pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in Him or anything for that matter!  This is NOT children's literature, it's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess. It's totally dishonest to sell this as a children's book, or even as a competent work of fiction. All of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one. We never get closure on Lyra's parents.We never really understand what Dust is and where it comes from.We never see Will reunited with his mother.We get a lame battle where `god' dies and no one even knows why or how.Lyra and Will fall in love, but have to `sacrifice' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever, with only flimsy reasoning behind it.The mulefa and Mary Malone's work together amounts to nothing, everyone just goes home. Presumably, Will goes home, although we never see it. All that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing.The major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about Armageddon? What happened to the Fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea. It all just sort of disovles.Mary forgot to be the Serpent, or else I missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa.Another reader pointed out:" Phillip Pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series. Instead, the story falls flat under the weight of the author's own agendas and mockeries. What a waste of time. I can't believe this book actually won awards. It stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly." It would have been better if Lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream. Instead, relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the Kingdom of Heaven in the course of her lifetime. Absurd.This was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life. 
0 I seem to be in the minority, but I did not enjoy this book at all. The main character is, of course, the "only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf" but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness. I felt the plot got swallowed up by the author's need to self-insert and 'play' in her world, and the only reason I finished this book was that I was on a plane and had nothing else to do. The plot fishtails several times, and isn't all that interesting to start with. In short, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general, and will likely skip her books in the future 
0 I was eager to read this book only to find it a terrible dissapointment.  One would think that a 'scholar' such as he would have at least a basic understanding of the Hebraic roots of Judeo-Christianity.  It was obvious that he clearly was clueless to the known Messianic signs spoken of in the Gospels.  He is also clueless to the Pharisidical Judaism of the time..not comprehending that all of Christ's teachings were completely in keeping with true Judaism. All of which can be found in contemporary Rabbinical teachings of His time. This book, which some unfortunate readers will swallow as truth will only continue to propagate a backward understanding of the gospels.  Like it or not..the New Testament writings are Hebraic and explain what fulfilled Judaism is.  Those who need to divorce Judaism from Christianity are offering a church which is already confused, just more confusion. It is through studying the Hebraic roots that we even begin to understand the 'difficult' sayings of our Lord; 'fullfillment of the Law', binding and loosing (the Law)..etc as well as the parables.  The delivering of the deaf mute..was a Messianic sign, because the Rabbi's knew that 'they' had to ask the said demon its name but He did not.  Lazerus's resurrection was a Messianic sign because the Rabbi's believed that anyone could come back to life during the first 'three' days after death.  Cleansing of a leper was  Messainic sign because the Rabbi's understood that it was a 'divine' punishment, that only God could lift. How else can we link Isa 53 with the 'stripes' He was to received as part of fulfilling the punishment the Law required for transgression, and yet 'minus one'. Had our Lord transgressed the Law, then the Jews themselves could have legally killed Him.  Remember Paul (Saul)?  He also does not understand John and his huge part in the whole picture, in that the Kingdom 'began' with John.  He was the 'breachmaker' as fortold in prophecy.  This is Hebraic roots 101.  People, please study the Hebraic roots of Christianity and do not waste your time with this book. The fact that he keeps defending his position as 'not' anti-semetic, should give you a clue 
0 This series is a travesty. I understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series, but let Laura, not MacBride, have the last word on her family's experience. So much in his books rings false: the clumsy historical allusions, the narrative voice, the potty humor . . . One of the greatest things about Laura Ingalls Wilder's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she, the main character, grows: Big Woods is written for little girls and Happy Golden Years for young women. MacBride doesn't manage this and talks down to readers. There is a tiny thread of Laura in these books, but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans. Sampling is for rap, not fiction. 
0 Susanna Rowson's &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman. Poor, pitiful Charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin.          Rowson encases her heroine Charlotte Temple within a world of virtue and vengeance. Charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author/narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman. She has no real interest in Charlotte as a dimensional character. Charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings.           &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed America. A morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; has been rediscovered and published in a Scholarly Press edition.          Was this reclamation of Charlotte really necessary? In the past twenty years, feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati. Authors such as Anne Plumptre, Frances Burney, Aphra Behn, Sarah Fielding and Charlotte Lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives. Feminist scholar Cathy Davidson has taken Charlotte Temple in hand and aims to join Rowson to the above list of rediscoveries.          Unfortunately, Rowson does not warrant such treatment. Rowson has a flat, humorless approach to the fallen woman story. Unlike Burney's &quot;Evelina&quot; or &quot;Camilla,&quot; Rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity.  Her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates.           In many of the fallen women stories, authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures. Rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel. She seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man -- in England and America, it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel, so Rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed.          Rowson does not criticize men within the novel. She does not censure Montraville for taking Charlotte as his mistress, impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman. When he believes that Charlotte has becomes his best friend's mistress, he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him.          He aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting &quot;dishonorable&quot; against her. Yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her, she would not have been reduced to a penniless, pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter. He never takes responsibility for his role in Charlotte's downfall.  Rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with Montraville but she fails to take it.           Instead, Rowson places the blame for Charlotte's ruin on the women within the novel. When Charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family, she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men.          Madame Du Pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose Miss La Rue. Madame Du Pont sets Charlotte's downfall in action. Rowson does not punish the ignorant Madame Du Pont by killing her, she ends up an hysterical mess after the Montraville/Charlotte &quot;elopement.&quot;          Miss La Rue, the woman who pushes Charlotte into the arms of Montraville, must be punished for being a promiscuous woman. She ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food. She ends up dying painfully as Rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women.          Why would modern readers want to read this? I do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel. At 125 pages, it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace. No character has any shadings. There are no subplots to divert the attention from the static Charlotte. Rowson does nothing to keep our interest.          Unfortunately Rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first American woman to have a best-selling novel. That accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia, but it does not make for engaging reading 
0 I read this book for a book report, and because i could not choose another one i could not stop reading it. Because I was forced to read this book I now have the knoledge and misfortune of this pathetically boring story. The steriotypical characters hurried through the story full of excuses. 1 star for one very boring book 
0 I purchased this book at Walmart, which rarely carries books regarding Shambala or any other Eastern ideology. It was cheap and on the clearance rack. I should have know better.When I realized this was part three in a series I decided to read the first two books, The Celestine Prophecy and The Tenth Insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one. After borrowing and reading the first two, I realized what a sham this series truly is. First, I realize they are supposed to be fictional. However, when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise, the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate. Additionally, when usurping a mythical name such as Shambala, one should know what the actual mythology entails, instead of making up one's own notion of what is involed.  Shambala is NOT the same as Shangri-la. Shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century Western culture. Shambala is an ancient Eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in Redfield's imagination.Also, beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies. As Joseph Campbell said many times in his lectures and books, they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures, but they must never be mixed together. It just doesn't work 
0 I have several dummies books, from how to build a PC to CCNA.  I had to read this rediculous book when I worked for a very well known DSL provider on the East Coast.  This book was trivial, assumes that you are completely mindless and plugs certain products and services shamelessly.  Yes, I agree, Hot Bot is a pretty good search engine...but it is not the only one out there.  This book has technical incosistansies throughout and is basically a really really long advertisement.  Easily the worst dummies book in print, and Im not being a jerk, I love dummies books, Ron Gilster rocks, but this is absolute crap.  You can honestly get more informed with a magazine 
0 Although a majority of readers obviously loves this book, I have to say that it really seemed like a waste of money to me. Our only daughter left for college this year, but fortunately I have trained her in time to be independent. If your kid doesn't have a clue how to live in the real world and if if you're still willing to do everything for them and not have them take responsibilities for their own lives, this book is right for you. Not in my dreams would I have made lists for her what to take because she can well do this herself! I do miss her and she misses us but that does not mean clinging dependency! I expected different things from this book, on a deeper psychological level 
0 I have read almost all of the works in the Past Masters series. This is by far the worse. I do not ordinarily write about books I do not like. But this work truly deserves a bad word. It is not about Shakespeare , but rather about Germaine Greer. She simply did not do the assignment that she was given 
0 The title says it all. One can do better w/ Appleyard's book 
0 I have studied the tarot for nearly 5 years and keep an open mind whenever a new book appears on the market.  Edain McCoy, who has written some wonderful New Age material, strikes an off-putting note in this one.  The spreads are certainly imaginative and are perhaps insightful to her own method of tarot interpretation, but convey confusing and ambiguous directions to the reader who is trying to understand her card placements.  In several of her spreads she conveys that a card's placement at a certain point in the spread "may or may not" mean some karmic element at play.  The whole exercise of creating a spread is to pinpoint with a degree of accuracy the situation you wish to define.  Therefore, when a card "may or may not" mean something, that interpretation could significantly change on whether you "may or may not" interpret it that way, leaving the interpreter open to rationalizing a card's meaning.  Tarot cards are intuitive, not rational, and their meanings can best be intuited when their placement is clearly defined without ambiguity   It is difficult to have it both ways and I found working with these spreads difficult.  Imagine doing a Celtic Cross reading and the first position "may or may not" be the root of the issue.  These spreads speak very clearly to the author, but not so to the reader.  I rate it 2 stars for depth and insight into Karma and past lives, but the explanations are too ambiguous. 
0 Blind Items has the same writing style as at least one of Rettenmund's other books (Boy Culture).  He goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs.  Kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the Sunday magazine section of your newspaper.  If you like this writing style, Rettenmund's books may be for you.  Personally it drove me crazy and I set the book down after the first few chapters 
0 My paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days! It is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is, does it 
0 Normally I like the entire "female power" thing but frankly the "this is wrong" or "evil" part of that storyline is really old.  In an era where girls do try out for and get placed on "boys" teams, these issues seem outdated.  Likewise rules were recently changed in Indiana (not even slightly a liberal state) that says any pageant receiving state funds cannot discriminate on the basis of sex or gender.  I know, this book is from 1999, but we are living in a conservative backlash politically and this is still happening, changes are happening.  Overall I felt the book had a very negative view of the gender roles and did not do anything to suggest they should be different.  Even the disempowered girl who creates the initial problems with her "magic" is empowered through a pageant and her cooking.  How much more gender role enforcement can we have?  Really, with a strong female lead, shouldn't a Buffy universe story do better than this?  In general the feel of the relationships and lingo between the main characters was fine but not particularly outstanding 
0 While I think the basics of the book are good, I don't like how fat-free items are treated as always being the best option.  I did much better on the South Beach Diet, where good fats in moderation is emphasized as well as natural foods.  Fat is what makes us feel satisfied.  After years of trying to diet by limiting fat, it was a revelation to me I could lose weight without feeling hungry and deprived.  An omelette made of egg whites and fat-free cheese is not at all satisfying and not necessary.  Secondly, many foods are altered in a negative way to make them low-fat.  I just noticed this week that Cool Whip lite has high fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated vegetable oil as two of it's top ingredients.  This can't be better for you than actual cream.  I also prefer the book "French Woman Don't Get Fat", which emphasizes enjoying food by eating smaller portions of good, natural food when it's in season.  The pleasure of good food makes you stop thinking diet and start thinking about lifestyle.  I feel that the G.I Diet is oversimplified and written to appeal to an audience that has never thought about eating right before.  I think this book is  about the mechanics of healthy eating when the cause of overeating is a lot more complicated.  It certainly can help get people on the right track, but I think there are better books available.  
0 I loved the first Carole Matthews novel I read, "For Better or Worse", and picked this up in an airport hoping to be entertained once again. It kept me entertained while on a three and a half hour flight, but only because I didnt' have anything else to do. I am the type of person who has to finish a book once they start but it was really hard for me to even pick this one up again after getting off the plane.  I totally disagree with the premise behind the whole thing and found it completely pointless. There were no redeeming qualities and few parts in the book even worth mentioning. To me, Matthews expects you to feel sorry for a woman whose married lover decided he needed to be with his wife and kids instead of leaving them for her. I think this is a horrible/unrealistic messgage. If you want to read something good, pick up a Jane Green novel instead.  
0 I purchased this book several months ago. During that time I've tried several of the recipes - the French Lentil soup is very good. The chili and corn biscuit casserole was unappetizing. The chili was so-so and the corn biscuits were too heavy to my taste. The recipe for Mushroom, French Lentil and Chestnut Ragu says to "see Glossary" for the chestnuts but there's nothing in the glossary regarding chestnuts. It wasn't until I read another recipe (Smoky Chestnut and Sweet Potato soup) that chestnuts were discussed. The Mediterranean Salad sounds good on paper but was lackluster. Far too much red onion (which my guests mostly picked out). Although a number of the recipes are relatively simple there are several with very long lists of ingredients that take too much time and too many utensils to prepare. As someone who works full time, a 20-ingredient recipe holds very little allure, no matter how good it sounds. I had trouble finding some of the ingredients. For example, the author specifies several different types of squash which I haven't been able to locate at any of my local grocery stores or farmer's markets.  The book is organized in menus which are not listed in the table of contents. If you're looking for a specific recipe you'll have to spend some time with the index trying to locate it which is not convenient. The author definitely has some good ideas but this book probably will sit on my bookshelf more than on my countertop 
0 Some of the stuff in here was really screwy. It's not a handbook to the &quot;Food and Mood&quot; book by Elizabeth Somer, which is what I thought it was when I bought it. It's a separate program entirely. This one is too woozy and non-Western for me. Very little hard data to back up what they say, just kind of fruity and flowery 
0 I have enjoyed many of Mark's novels (Do You Know That I Love You is my favorite of the bunch), all the time recognizing his severe limitations as a writer.  Every character in every Roeder novel speaks with the same voice--all of them, and though his dialog is usually age appropriate for his teen characters, his narrative passages invariably sound as if they were written by someone decades older.  There is frequent repetition and redudancy; characters never say anything once if they can say it two or three or four times (though he has definitely improved since his mediocre first novel Ancient Prejudice, which had the unfortunate distinction of glamorizing teen suicide).  His characters always (and I mean always) mate for life, which is a beautiful romantic ideal, but ultimately can get tiresome (gay teens are no different from straight ones in their need to play the field a bit before a lifetime commitment).  All that said, at his best (DYKWIK, A Better Life, Keeper of Secrets) Mark Roeder writes a compelling and often un-put-downable story.  But in Outfield Menace, the bad most definitely outweighs the good.  Did Mr. Roeder do ANY research into the time period???  The fifties are certainly a good setting for a gay teen novel (if only as an educational experience for contemporary teens, who don't realize how impossible it was to be gay at that time), but if you want to set a novel in the fifties, don't have a lead male character with a ponytail.  No one, but no one, wore a pony tail in the fifties (and certainly not in a small midwest town).  Don't have characters use anachronisms like "fifteen minutes of fame."  And most of all, don't have characters behave and think in anachronistic wasys.Mark Roeder illustrates the dangers of self publishing.  He has apparently made a name for himself (and some money I'd guess), and I must confess, I've bought his novels (glutton for coming out stories that I am) but no legitimate house would publish his novels, at least not without major editing and rewriting, something that a self published author (especially one with an apparently inflated self image) goes without.  There has been a renaissance in quality gay teen fiction this past year or two.  Major publishers have put out such superb young adult novels as Totally Joe, M or F?, The Hookup Artist, Rainbow Road, Boy Girl Boy.  Read them, if only to see how these truly outstanding (and published by legit houses) novels could teach Mark Roeder a thing or two.  If you must read Roeder, then stick with his better novels and avoid this serious misstep.  Memo to Roeder: if you want to write about a time you don't know about, do your research 
0 This is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing, as you can't browse the book before purchasing it.  &quot;Camping Activities for Kids&quot; is very light on the  &quot;activities.&quot;  It does a good job of laying out items that should  be brought along on ones first camping trip, but falls short on suggesting  outdoor activities for kids.  The activities that are suggested are a  little simplistic.  For example, &quot;laying sticks apart from one another  and pretending it's a river, and then have the kids jump over it and  playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls.&quot;  I was hoping  for more endepth activities.  If it's your first time camping this books  okay, but if you've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the  book falls short so look for something else 
0 A little outdated, quite a few beers here aren't made anymore. Beer reviews are always personal opinion, and you'll read a bunch of people complain in these reviews that this guy doesn't know what hes talking about. I'd ignore what they say, everybody has their own preference.Think about this before you buy this book:1) Why do you need to hear what somebody else things of beers?2) its very out dated... 5 years is a long time 
0 Art is a young man fresh out of college, and has a curious set of friends: Arthur, an attractive gay man; the enigmatic Phlox with whom Arthur works; and the distinctly odd hedonist Cleveland. Art is uncertain of his sexuality, being torn between Arthur and Phlox. Cleveland is a threat to the stability of anyone with whom he comes into contact."The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" was a well-received, yet while at times I found it entertaining and witty, in truth it's a very bumpy piece of work in which the characters don't really convince. The plot is unconvincing from the first, and descends into absurdity towards the end. In summary, it reads very much as a first effort, perhaps an experiment, but I found it baffling that anyone could consider it a mature piece of prose.G Rodgers  
0 After reading the trilogy, I was left wondering what the hell happened? I have just read all 3 of the His Dark Materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker.   Pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories I've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy. There isn't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess. If you look up `anticlimax' in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of this book. From first page to last, time is wasted on boring characters, while all the good ones are either killed off, or just MIA for the entire book. Spoilers ahead.  What about Lyra and her parents? Somehow, she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl? She never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations. And Will just goes back with Mary Malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops. Over a cup of tea, naturally. And that's it for him.In addition to all that, this book doesn't even seem to be connected to the first two. None of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends, Will and Lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . .  all in the last 30 pages. What happened to the story, for cripes sake?!  And what happened to the `temptation'? Was choosing not to stay with Will her way of not succumbing to it? The whole premise is just so lame to start out with. As an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries didn't endanger the universe, why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give Lyra and Will a chance to know each other. The flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another. Supposedly, they had more than gonads going for them, they survived death together!  Pullman didn't feel like thinking it through, he just wanted a gut wrenching ending. In addition to that, he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the `reality' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning. All of Will and Lyra's efforts are futile, kind of like - guess what? religion for the rest of us morons. After having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever, ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper. Iorek Byrnison, Lee Scoresby - instead we get page after page about Mary Malone the Disaffected former Nun. Pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in Him or anything for that matter!  This is NOT children's literature, it's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess. It's totally dishonest to sell this as a children's book, or even as a competent work of fiction. All of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one. We never get closure on Lyra's parents.We never really understand what Dust is and where it comes from.We never see Will reunited with his mother.We get a lame battle where `god' dies and no one even knows why or how.Lyra and Will fall in love, but have to `sacrifice' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever, with only flimsy reasoning behind it.The mulefa and Mary Malone's work together amounts to nothing, everyone just goes home. Presumably, Will goes home, although we never see it. All that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing.The major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about Armageddon? What happened to the Fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea. It all just sort of disovles.Mary forgot to be the Serpent, or else I missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa.Another reader pointed out:" Phillip Pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series. Instead, the story falls flat under the weight of the author's own agendas and mockeries. What a waste of time. I can't believe this book actually won awards. It stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly." It would have been better if Lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream. Instead, relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the Kingdom of Heaven in the course of her lifetime. Absurd.This was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life. 
0 While the author does go into detail about numerous topics and informs the reader about what is necessary to survive.  What I think the books lacks is the detail necessary on all of the major topics.  An example would be that he describes how to build a leanto for shelter, but doesn't go into detail on how to tie the structural members together.  He just tells you that you need to tie them together.  What if you don't have a shoelace to use?  What other alternates are there?  This book would be great for a teenager who goes camping and may need to build a fire, but it's not enough for the serious camper 
0 I have a hard time understanding what it is that I dislike about the novel. I dislike it almost as much as the movie.I have been a loyal follower of Smiley and some more after that. Once the Cold War was over, JlC had to look for a new realm. I tried to follow him, but gave up with the Kaukasian troubles, forgot the name of the book.Maybe it is this: JlC's trade mark, his USP, is the evilness of the other side. With the KGB & Co., that worked perfectly. His readers were willing to stay with him and believe him.Now he is transferring the KGB style to all sorts of other badies. I think it does not work any more.It is not that I trust the pharmaceutical companies enough to not be like here insinuated. I do not.What I do not like, I guess, is the artificial mood of intellectual suffering from the evilness of all kind of conspiracies. Tess in this story seems to be the normal do-gooder who falls foul with the baddies. That is more ok in the book than in the movie. (There, for my eyes, Rachel Weisz does herself discredit.)What is absolutely not ok is the surrender of command by the narrator mid way. JlC gives up on trying to keep a believable storyline and declines into darkest conspiracy allegations 
0 I saw the TV show made, so I wanted to check out the full story. It was a disappointment, but my wife loved it. So there you are one against, one for it 
0 I have yet to read this book, however, so far the ***** average rating is quite suspicious...  Each one of the three *****-reviewers, does not have a single other review in their profile.  I am at the stage where I am trying to learn as much as possible about spreads' trading, so I would greatly appreciate if someone who actually has real-life experience trading futures spreads and who has also read this book, to do everyone of the rest of us a favor, and post an honest review - please, we need a counterbalance to the nonsense posted by those who are most likely associated w/ the author or his publisher.. 
0 The best thing about this book is its table of contents. In second place is the preface. And then it's all downhill. If you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications, with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great (or even little) detail, and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars, then please go ahead and buy this book.If however, you value your cash, and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence, at least attempts in good faith to teach you something, then please, don't fall for the marketing ploy of the title "RF Microelectronics". Because there's very little "RF" and even less "Microelctronics" in this text. Here's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface:"The annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5B."Do I see dollar signs in your eyes? I thought so. Don't fall for the trap. If you want to learn a thing or two about RF electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component (like a capacitor here or a resistor there) in a communication circuit is, then buy:Modern Electronic Communication (9th Edition) by Gary M. Miller.The Miller book's 9th edition is coming out soon. Even with 992 pages of text, it costs only $60.00.I believe Razavi's book should never have been published because frankly, it's not a book at all. Why it's still in print (though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years), is completely beyond any sane person's comprehension 
0 Unlike most of the other reviewers here, neither I nor my nine-year-old enjoyed this book. The premise is good, but the family-values morality is heavy-handed and the writing limps along 
0 Seven Times The Sun is not for everyone. It could be a springboard, offering times of the day and night where parents might want to incorporate some kind of rituals to provide their children with a stable and balanced life. But the songs, poems and traditions offered in Shea Darian's book are hokey and contrived at best, cumbersome and artificial at worst. None of the other reviews indicated the religious or spiritual aspect of the book. Darian is a minister, and all of the poems and songs have a subtle religious bent. True, parents should teach children to be thankful for all they have. But I'm just thankful Amazon has a customer-friendly return policy 
0 This would have to be the worst book I have ever read.Wow Will is running from dead people. Some one is trying to kill him so cool.How much more boring can you get.I would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater. So what I'm saying is it stinks 
0 There was nothing in this book that our association hasn't covered nearly every week.  I was very dissapointed.  It offered little tidbits like &quot;a postgame review can help you learn from experience&quot;.  Don't we ALL do &quot;postgame reviews&quot;, even if it is simply going over the game in our head on the drive home?  I certainly do.  No, I'm not he best umpire in our association.  I would rate myself as somewhere in the middle.  The book offered me nothing new, nothing that our association doesn't talk about constantly.  Buy a Childress, or save your money 
0 I really feel stupid about ordering this book. Why did i do it?. The story is that Stacey is moving Back to New york 
0 i did a fast skimming through this book and noticed that for an Essential Monster Movie Guide, it certainly doesn't praise or hype the genre that well. this book comes across like it was written by an elitist who's too good for horror. nearly every movie/special gets a low rating and i can't understand why a book like this that could've been a good companion to the horror fan would be so anti-horror as a whole. horror fans, in general, want to be be entertained and or scared...i for one don't want logical stories and things that make sense IF it detracts from the entertainment factor because typically what makes sense and uses logic in horror is BORING. it gets 2 stars from me because it offers a diverse selection of films and includes mini biographies of horror legends like Vincent Price, Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Lon Chaney, Boris Karloff, etc. But for a horror movie book, the writers certainly didn't help their genre by bad-mouthing it so much in this book 
0 I am an elementary school teacher previewing this book in order to find a developmentally appropriate text for a study of religion. I am not religious and I strive to take a learner's stance and a scholarly approach to any unit of study that I present to my students. Betsy and Guilio Maestro have written other fabulous books on several topics; books that I have made available to my students for their research because they were accurate and presented without bias. This particular work unfortunately is neither. Their gesture was genuine and gracious, an example of the tolerance they wanted to promote. No deity need take offense; all were included in the pantheon of possibilities. It is however filled with inaccuracies and contradictions and finally a statement of belief by the authors.Though written as an overview of many of the world religions, this book culminates in a doctrinal statement of the confusing theology of religious pluralism, the view that no religion is objectively truer than any other. One point ought to be obvious, though: Everything can't be true. The religions mentioned are like oil and water; they can't mix because they represent opposite and competing concepts. An appeal to their similarities doesn't help. We would never say aspirin and arsenic are basically the same just because they both come in tablet form. It's the differences that are critical. That's true in all areas of life, especially the spiritual.If God exists, He's either personal or not personal. He can't be both. If God is merely a cosmic energy, why ask His blessing? He can't hear or respond. If He's a person, then He's someone, not everyone.This book is not as much a story of religions as it is a recipe for religious stew 
0 &quot;Our attention is the most precious resource we have,&quot; says Shenk. Well...I'm not sure everyone would agree.  But this is the way he would like to slice the whole matter of information technology, the media,  etc., etc., and that's fine.  Shenk's standpoint is amazingly isolated and  will make sense only to an elite ensconced in the same high fallutin' mix  of punditry/technology/leisure time he is.  Information overload, or  &quot;data smog&quot; as the author terms it, is certainly a relevant and  important area to explore, but Shenk, in is privileged world, really can't  nail down what might be so detrimental about it.  His examples illustrate  just how removed his is from the vast majority of American society:  minute-by-minute news reports diluting the quality of info and the ability  to sort it, not feeling so apt to respond to your friends' email because  you get too much, the end of patience? As he represents it in &quot;the end  of patience,&quot; data smog really ain't no big woop--it's just some tacks  on the erogomic seats of a pampered minority into which Shenk seems to fit.   Where's the politics, I wonder?  How does this trivia fit into the lives  of Middle Americans or working people?  To the point, Shenk might benefit  from a step or two away from his computer.  Rubbing shoulders with the  common folk might hip him to serious problems like acne or Monday Night  Football 
0 I only needed this for school a little while back. Now I am marketing in Hawaii at a resort and realizing this book taught me little to nothing. Have fun with it if you please though 
0 Some photographers think what's erotic is what's hidden and left to the imagination. Two Thirds of the pictures in this book are fig leafed with shadows or clothing, leaving plenty to the imagination. Think of playboy magazine in the 1950's or Vogue or Madamoselle magazine today.  Many of these are stylistic, but not very erotic.  One in three of the photos in the book are erotic, not afraid of nudity. Don't make the investment in this book if you want high level eroticism. Instead get "Shaven Angels", "Natural Beauties", "100 Naked Girls", or "Crazy,Sexy Girls".  
0 I was extremely disappointed with "After Midnight".  The author, his widow, has written the book from her own life's perspective, and there is sadly little about the true Brad Davis.  His homosexuality, or perhaps bisexuality, is mentioned only in passing, and anyone in New York or Hollywood that knew him will tell you that this was a huge part of his life.  I guess a book written by his wife can't be expected to delve too deeply into this area, but even other interesting details - his drug addiction, his acting technique, etc. are only minimally suggested here.  I wanted to put the book down after two chapters, but kept waiting for it to get interesting.  I suggest the publishers retitle the book "My Life with Brad Davis - The Saga Of A Wife Kept In The Dark", or something similar, to indicate to readers that this book is about Susan Bluestein, and tells very little about Brad 
0 For all of you looking for that favorite book "The Silly Book", join my club (not literally).  The book that has the ode to Boodleheimer was written by Stoo Hample not Babette Cole.  I have been searching for this book for years.  Good luck everyone, and let me know if you find an extra copy for sale 
0 I ordered this for a friend, thinking it was the same Bruce Fisher book I bought when I divorced.  It is ONLY the workbook and really needs a workshop (or maybe just a book) to go with it.  It was a total waste of money and not what I expected when I ordered.  Make sure you are ordering the book, not the workbook, when you order 
0 I typically do not read stories like this, but a neighbor had lent it to me and I figured I'd check it out.  The plot isn't bad, but the dialogue is another story.  The writing was so unbelievably awful that I had to fight myself to finish it.  Phrases like "God damn, Oh god, etc..." were repeated over and over again. I got really sick hearing about Tess's cute freckles and Jimmy's movie star looks/sex drive.  The majority of the story line between Tess and Jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand.  It was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing.  I'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book. Not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from Harlequin romances... 
0 I had high expectations for this book, but I was disappointed.  It concentrated too much on digital systems, rather than broadening the definition of noise to cover the natural environment.  I lost interested in the last 1/3 of the book, and couldn't wait to finish 
0 This novel about a community in some desert village is written with the simplicity of language that one associates with old myths, and underlying the story are indeed echoes, sometimes close and sometimes rather distorted, of ancient myths.  God is allegorized as Gabalawi, the remote and mostly unseen owner of the estate of which the Children of the Alley are supposed to be his heirs.  The central character in each of the five stories is up against the selfish and oppressive overseers who dominate the estate and its inhabitants with the help of their retinue of gangsters.  The first of the stories evokes that of the expulsion from the Garden of Eden and the story of Cain and Abel; the second that of Moses and Pharaoh; the third that of Jesus; the fourth that of Muhammad.  Then there is a fifth story, in which the central figure, a `magician',  is presumably a scientist.  He tries to discover the secret of Gabalawi  He fails to find it, but in the process he is  instrumental in the death of Gabalawi `who had been easier to kill than to see'. It makes no difference: the scientist, who has invented a weapon of great destructive power, is forced to put it at the service of the new overseer, and the Children of the Alley remain as oppressed as ever, though they remain hopeful that one day `magic' will put an end to their suffering.Subtle the book is not, either in content or in style; and in my view is far too long and far too repetitive.  The overseers and the gangsters in each generation have different names, but as individuals they are indistinguishable one from another.  A large number of the characters are perpetually angry or violent.  They mostly `shout', `scream', `shriek', `yell', `cry' or `sneer', which becomes rather tiresome. The literary quality of this novel is, I think, greatly inferior to Mahfouz's rightly famous Cairo Trilogy which has contributed to his having become the only Arab to have been awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature.  But it is a courageous book for an Egyptian to have written: it has been banned in Egypt;  its allegories enraged the Islamicists and led to an attempt on the author's life. 
0 What happened to this book?  It is a disgrace to the star wars universe.  It's practically a Star Wars dictionary, that's all.  In spite of the good pictures, this book was very disappointing!!! 
0 Margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all. Beauty,Popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home. Yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.She is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them.  She has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day. Her life takes a different turn when she meets Danny. He is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated. He is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely, yet they both start a bond with each other. The book was interesting but after awhile I got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters 
0 I am absolutely furious about this book. I quit reading about half-way through.I read it through the section about It's a Wonderful Life (chapter 13). In that chapter, I found three mistakes - not minor details, but major, provable points, including misquoting Zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs. If Eliot's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs, how can I trust the rest of the information in the book? Avoid this at all costs!!!!!!!!! 
0 The book contained more profanity than I expected to read in a book by Rita Rudner.  I had expected more humor from a comedienne.  Too bad, because I really like her humor 
0 If Excelsior College didn't require this for the CPNE, I would take it and throw it off the highest bridge I could find.  Horribly confusing, doesn't make sense, and I cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice.  The only redeeming feature is that Excelsior does not let you write in this, so I will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student.  I don't mean to sound harsh, but this book isn't easy to use, it is confusing, and contradicts itself 
0 This is a very popular book, which is sad because it's highly biased. She provides evidence, but only uses the 10th that corroborates her story.Christian study maybe, Christian fact, VERY loosely 
0 I agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover.  The book looks/sounds interesting, but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book.  This book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy 
0 Whether you're planning to read through Crowley's Book of Thoth for the first time, or if you think you know every little thing Crowley was getting at with it, this book is going to be equally useless to you. Several of Crowley's diagrams from the Book of Thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly, but sadly that's the only good thing about this book. The book is filled with a lot of fluff. Duquette tells many useless anecdotes of Crowley's and Harris' lives, and constantly excuses and defends Crowley's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper. Duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found Crowley's works, so perhaps its some sort of atonement. But the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with Crowley's character.Through out the Book of Thoth Crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems. Having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid. Unfortunately Duquette doesn't do this. His background information is base and scarce. He does spend some time explaining about Thelema and Kabbalah, but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this, Duquette doesn't give nearly enough information to understand Crowley's works, and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere.As for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on Crowley's work, Duquette outright fails. At times it seems as if Duquette doesn't even understand Crowley or the Book of Thoth and the associated tarot deck. I don't think the man even understands tarot in general (and Duquette's own tarot deck is evidence of this too). At his best, Duquette only manages to rephrase what Crowley had to say in the book of Thoth. Typically though a lot of what Crowley was getting at is complete lost in Duquette's work, a lot of it no doubt because Duquette never really understood Crowley at anything but a very base level.Reading through the Book of Thoth, there are a few ways in which Duquette could have made his book better. Crowley's phonetic translation of the I Ching doesn't follow the current standard, and sometimes the differences are confusing, especially if the reader is not already familiar with the I Ching. A key showing Crowley's translation and the standard translation would've been helpful. Likewise Crowley rarely wrote on astrology, despite astrology being alluded to many times through the Book of Thoth, and what he did write is hard to find. A chapter explaining Crowley's views on astrology would've been great. If that wasn't possible, then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what Crowley was working with would have been helpful. However Duquette's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read.Duquette's book isn't useful as a reference to Crowley's work. Duquette doesn't seem to understand Crowley most of the time, and fails to adequatley explain Crowley's ideas. Besides some new-agey nonsense, like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays, Duquette doesn't offer any new ideas or insights into Crowley's work. Except for a few nice diagrams (which are common enough and easy to find), there isn't anything worthwhile contained in this book. At least not anything you won't get out of reading Crowley's Book of Thoth 
0 Well  After I received the book I have to say I was quite disappointed because I am one of those people who gives great importance to presentation in the books .After I read the reviews I thought I was going to get a book with lots of nice photographs and various nicely set tables .It turned out that it was just like an encylopedia with lots of recipes and couple of boriiinggg pictures .If you are a visual person like me who likes to read cookbooks when you go to bed DONT BUY IT.The other important thing was that many important ingredients were missing in the greek food that was presented  
0 This book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is, how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis, etc.However, I don't want to live with RA, I want to recover from it. As such, this book offers no help in this regard. It tells me about drugs that I can take and splints that I can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled, but offers me no hope of recovery.In contrast, the book "Conquering Arthritis" by Barbara Allan, is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease, to get their life back. And succeeded! I'm well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book. Now that's a book well worth spending your money on 
0 I really didn't enjoy this book.  I am half Italian-American, and I've read a few books about growing up in an Italian-American family in an effort to learn about my roots.  I have also read several books about 2nd generation Americans struggling to find their identities while caught between what is &quot;normal&quot; and their immigrant parents.  I normally enjoy such books, but not this one.  I know that life wasn't always a bowl of cherries for these familes, but this book makes it seem as if it was absolutely horrible.  Yet, I couldn't find anything about the daughters' lives that are really that bad or even different from many people's lives in this country.  Where is all the anger coming from?  I really don't know.  This book is dark and depressing.  Some say it is funny at times, but I didn't think so.  I couldn't even bring myself to finish it 
0 This book is a place to start at best.  The main part of Middle Eastern cook that I find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices. This book calls for dried spices at times.  The dishes don't produce the food that I remember eating growing up with my family. The book is not a total loss, however.  The spinach pies are acceptable.  There are many other books out there that I would recommend first 
0 I was barely able to finish this book. Armstrong makes fun of vampires and witches, etc. by dragging in all the cheesy pop culture references she can think of. This made it very hard for me to take her characters seriously. I might have been able to swallow the idea of Cabals (giant glitzy corporations run by sorcerors; it's unclear why they don't just take over the world and have done), but Armstrong really lost me during the 20-page extended send-up of Anne Rice's vampires. This genre is rapidly sinking into self-referentialism, and Armstrong is the worst culprit. In Industrial Magic, she ruins what could have been a perfectly good story with these unfunny namechecks and rebuttals to writers who are actually better than she is. On top of that, the viewpoint character, Paige, is unfortunately named: she's as flat and boring as the pages she's written on. Her central relationship is with her boyfriend, Lucas, but their coupleship seems to revolve around the trading of sexual favors. Are we supposed to think this is cute and funny? Take-home project for Armstrong: next time, try putting some genuine emotion into your work 
0 "The Burning" was a big letdown after reading Bentley Little's masterful book, "Dispatch".  I seriously considered that this book might be written by someone else while Bentley was ill and couldn't write.  Who knows.  I love this guy and can't tell you how disappointed I was.  While one of the top 5 horror writers working today, Bentley Little seems to be hit or miss with his stories.  I simply just did not enjoy reading this new release.  It seemed that he was throwing way too much random horror at the reader and hoping some of it would stick.  And, with everything he was trying to do, none of it - not one moment - was scary!  Shadow creatures performing random oral sex, creeping fungus, talking voices in the microwave, deformed goblins peering in windows, skeletons climbing out of mud pits, tunnels filled with moving corpses, and a runaway ghost train crashing into the White House was just too silly.  It reminded me of his previous work, "The Return", another disappointment containing silly, bizarre, and unrealistic situations.    The scenes of horror during the first third of the book were described during the daytime hours and lost its scare value, suspense, and atmospheric quality.  The book had many problems that pulled me out of the story.  One of those problems was how ridiculous it was that the police would allow a field trip to a tunnel of bodies that had just been discovered earlier that same day. Bentley needs to do what he does best, which is to come up with a gimmick, focus everything on that single idea, and continue to build suspense around it using his original and obsessed style of storytelling.  It worked with "The Store", "The Association", "The Policy", and "Dispatch", just to name a few.  Let's hope he gets back on track with his next book. 
1 I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
1 Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged into this. It saves tons of space on my power strip.The design is a little clumsy though, so it's only getting 4/5 
1 Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. Good sound.  Using CD player and radio.Buying via Amazon as usual is super 
1 It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item (I put it back on, but fell off a couple more times). I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well. 
1 It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin.  
1 I've had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is a very effective universal remote on all accounts but there is ONE thing that stands out here above all the other remotes. Wireless control over lighting. I replaced my dimmers and switches with the Monster dimmers and switches and now I can control every light in my house. Monster really doesn't talk much about this feature but being able to hit "ALL OFF" at night on my way to bed and have the remote turn off all the house lights is killer. You can even map ligthing scenes to activities. If you hit watch a movie it can turn down the ligths at the same time. Really cool. Good job monster. 
1 I really don't have much to say about this book holder, not that it's just a book holder.  It's a nice one.  It does it's job.  It's a little too expensive for just a piece of plastic.It's strong, sturdy, and it's big enough, even for those massive heavy textbooks, like the Calculus ones.  Although, I would not recommend putting a dictionary or reference that's like 6" thick (even though it still may hold).  It's got little clamps at the bottom to prevent the page from flipping all over the place, although those tend to fall off when you move them.  But that's no big deal.  Just put them back on.  This book holder is kind of big, and I would not put it on a small desk in the middle of a classroom, but it's not too big.  You should be able to put it almost anywhere when studying on your own time.  
1 After using my iM716s for about 4 months now I have a few things to say about them.1) Price: Lists for $199 on Altec's site.  $70 is a steal.2) Quality: Top notch in the earphones, the clip on the volume module is weak.3) Performance: Bar none best I've had.  These things outperform the huge Logitech ear muff set I use mainly to mow in.  These things allow me to mow the lawn without having to jack up the volume to drown out the mower.4) Conclusion: The only thing that stops me from saying these are perfect is the volume module can be a pain and get in the way.  When moving around, you NEED to have it clipped to something, otherwise it can create inner ear noise.  This can get quite annoying.  I've also caught the cord on things, causing the clip to bend away from the module.  It is removeable and I was able to bend it back.  If there were a pair of equal quality w/o the module, even for the same price, I'd go that route.  With that said, I am in no way regretting my purchase and will recommend these to anyone asking me about them or my 60GB video ipod 
1 This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  
1 Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year 
1 This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT 
1 I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor.  Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced.  The unit has two rows of power outlets - eight outlets total.  All are surge protected, but only one row has battery backup.  Each row includes an outlet that is offset to allow transformer power supplies to be connected and still accommodate use of the other outlets.  The unit also surge protects the incoming telephone line, and interacts well transparently my DSL service.The unit comes with a USB connector cable that is used to transfer information between the unit and the computer.  Also included is "PowerChute Personal Edition" software.  This software replaces the UPS option used under the "Power" icon of Widow's XP Control Panel.  PowerChute PE allows user selection of alarms and power options to best fit the user's needs.  PowerChute PE automatically loads at computer startup, and resides as an icon on the right-side of the Window's task bar.  It monitors the unit's status, and provides information concerning abnormal power events that have occurred for future reference.In order to assure that there is enough battery power for this unit to operate properly, I only attached the PC and monitor to the powered row of outlets.  Transformers seem to use a lot of power, and to gain the most time available for adequate shut-down times they should only be plugged into the "surge only" outlet row.When A/C power fails, the unit immediately picks up the power load.  It will then begin to shut down the PC if A/C power does not become available shortly .  The default method it uses is to place the PC into "hibernation mode", saving the desktop exactly "as is" for future start-up.  It accomplished this task with my PC perfectly.If I had wanted a UPS to keep my computer running for several minutes during an A/C power outage, this is not the unit I would have purchased.  However, to keep my system from re-booting due to the power being interrupted momentarily, or to shut down the PC safely should the power outage last longer, this is a cost-effective solution for those tasks. 
1 I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  I was very happy with it.  It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
1 I had two unworking disks (One a PS2 game and the other a PSX game) so I picked this up and both work fine now! The only thing is you'll have to run it through a couple times. If you run it through once you'll see little difference... But for the price and since it does work... eventually, I still give it a 5 out of 5. 
1 What an amazing product for such a small price.  It works right out of the box, but to get full functionality you need to install the encolsed drivers.  The option of mouse or pen makes it useful for everyday PC work as well using the pen for graphics.  I use it mainly for teaching via phone and use the whiteboard in messenger to communicate in words and pictures.  It really makes a difference.The unit seems well made and I like the fact you can personalise the tablet to add a picture of your choice.  I opted for the smallest in the range for value, and was not disappointed, but I am sure for more commerical use or for artwork a much bigger screen would be better, but at cost.The software bundle is ok too if you don't already have photoshop tools.The one quibble is that at home when I installed the drivers it continued to crash my PC with my wireless keyboard installed.  Not ideal, but as I dont use it at home any longer it is not a problem for me, but be careful, I am sure there will be a fix somewher 
1 I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again 
1 I got this card last month and I've been using it heavily. Its been great. Its sturdy and can has great range. There are a few problems though.#1 There is no case for the card.#2 The included browser only lasts for 30 days and its horrible. Luckily I had NetFront 3.1#3 Memory Stick LAN software will occasionally error, but a soft reset will fix it.Otherwise its a great little expansion card 
1 I love my tooldial and its' software.  My only complaint is that you must have a very large proccessor to run it effectively.  I frequently find that it gums up photoshop and in-design a little.  Overall great product and I expect them to have some updates to work out the bugs.  Works very well in tandem with a WACOM tablet 
1 This is a great card reader for the price. Why pay more if this one reads the all cards that you have? Personally, I only use CompactFlash and SD cards. It reads these cards and it does it fast and reliably.The shape of this card reader is a bit awkward but then again it does help you grab the unit while inserting and removing cards, which you'll want to do a bit carefully. It would be a bit more difficult to do that with the unit lying flat on the desk. Remember to never force the card in and remember the label side faces towards the Sandisk logo on the card reader. It is slightly tricky to get the cards into the slots at first, but once you get the feel of it, it beccomes quite easy and routine.This Sandisk has LED indicators that are helpful. One Amber LED to tell you the unit is connected to your USB, and other green ones by each card slot to let you know either that you have a card insert (solid green), or that it's reading or writing (blinking green).This card reader comes with a 1 year warranty and I feel it represents a good value. I would recommend it 
1 The Sandisk reader is impossible to misuse. It loads quickly and it's compact shape offers most options for memory. It can be mounted vertically with attached stand for sleek ease of use or compacted flat to be discreet. I would prefer a little more weight so that it doesn't move around on my desk so I'm giving it only 4 stars. If I had to replace this reader, I would buy another SanDisk 
1 I agree that these are not top of the line. But they aren't bad at all. I get coasters occassionally even from top of the line media.I always burn at half the speed the media is designed for - 2x in this case. It takes longer, but I get good results. I am rarely in a hurry to burn a DVD.I would buy these again.** Updated on 7/3/2005 **I have bought a new computer recently and I have been burning these DVDs with full speed supported by the writer and no coasters what-so-ever. Very happy with this product 
1 I, like many other people that have written reviews here, researched the purchase of an MP3 player in great detail.  Other members of my family own iPods, and that is the direction that I was heading until I did a massive amount of research.  If you want to rip the thousands of songs that you already own on CD, this is the unit that you want.  iPod will not let you download your own songs, I did not know that until after I purchased this player (thankfully).  This unit was the highest rated unit by far that I was able to scour the internet for.  If this is your first purchase of an MP3 player (like mine) buy this one, no questions asked.  Do not worry about trying to buy $80 ear buds the sound from the ear buds that come with the player is unreal.  Crisp, clear, awsome base and I have only turned up the player to 23 on the volume it goes up to 40.  I cannot hear the home stereo that my wife is listening to or my kids that are running around the house playing.  I received this player in the mail today at 5:30 when I got home from work and by 6:35 I have transfered the 114 artists folders (about 4,000+ songs) that I had ripped on my computer last week (about 35 to 40 minutes to transfer the music to the staging folder and then to the player).I would recomend buying the cradle, it helps in standing it up on the desk or over the stereo, which I plan to do to play all my music on my outdoor speakers by the pool.Absolutley buy this unit.  I have only messed wit it for a couple of hours and I have a high performance expectation and it has met it 
1 I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play.  I was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an LCD hanging off of it.  It's the best-feeling keyboard I've ever owned.  The keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate, and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature.  The backlighting is bright, day or night, and the programmable G-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past.  Highly recommended 
1 I'm very happy with the set.  Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable.  I was thrilled when I made this discovery.  Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness.The picture quality for analog channels is only so-so.  I really wish the remote was illuminated.  Also, Amazon took much longer to deliver the TV than was promised.  Other than these negatives, I'm very happy 
1 We have the original Itrips but wanted this one for travel since it is much eaiser to tune in. The originals work great around town because it is always set on the same station. After reading the instructions I plugged the new Itrip in and it worked perfectly just like the originals. Not only did it work but it worked from 40 feet away. That is better than I expected after reading all the feedback. I'm not sure what everyones problem is. It's not a radio tower, it's a transmitter the size of your finger. I get the feeling that some people think it should power the City block. 
1 I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it's biggest star. You can format your hard drive, put in the restore disk that you create for your system, and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to EXACTLY the way it was when you created the disk. Or you can simply replace selected files if you want. It does not miss a single thing. Fanstastic. The software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an &quot;ABC&quot; book. I would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use 
1 Works great!!!  I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a long phone cord accross my room.  This jack extension helped me eliminate the long ugly cor 
1 Ok, I got this as gift so I got nothing to lose right!  Well, this little gadget will be my first open door to the ipod world and i gotta say that it really gives me an awsome impression toward what apple has accomplished for ipod shuffle.Ever since I unpacked this little thing, it has been with me everywhere!  On the go, exercise, sleeping....anywhere you have pockets to put it, ipod shuffle is always with me whenever I needed some kick of tunes, its ultra light and portability has really achieved what it meant to accomplish in the first place and talking about 1 GB of stores mp3 for about 16 hrs of playtime, it is just too hard not to fall in love with this little part of me...lol!  Sound quality is decent too and it is quite easy to charge and transfer/update tunes on the go.  So if you are a fast paced, mobile and not a control freak, then ipod shuffle is definitely a good way to get giggy with it 
1 If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great.  It is portable and makes great prints.  People think they are from a photolab.  It is also vey easy to use.  I have seen other mini printers from Olympus and Sony and they are not as good.  They cost more too 
1 I recently purchased this as a replacement for my Monster Cable.  I must say that I am quite impressed.  This is the best FM transmitter I have encountered.I live in Seattle.  There is a fairly saturated FM dial, and the unique topography of the surrounding area has a tendency to deflect certain signals.  That said, I only have minor problems with interference, the most common of which is moderate distortion in the upper ranges.Functionality is pretty much seamless in my car.  I drive a 2003 Ford Focus.  The 12v power jack is position to the left of my in dash CD changer, so accessibility is not an issue.If anyone is in the market for an FM transmitter for their iPod, I highly recommend this one.  "That'll do, pig.  That'll do. 
1 Overall a very nice charger, though recharge times aren't even close to what is advertised.  The display is very nice as is the ability to charge individual batteries instead of having to do it in a pair.  The 900 mAH hold such a small charge that they are almost worthless. 
1 Title: Intuos3 TabletPublisher: WacomPublish Date: UnknownISBN/Model #:  PTZ631WReviewer: Robert SaucierRating: 5 starsIn 1997, after buying a new top-of-the-line 450MHz Pentium II system, I splurged on a Wacom ArtZ II tablet.  Oh, my!  Pressure-sensitive, tilt-sensing, pointer control, assignable function pads; it was Heaven.After a couple of years, every time I tried to use it with my primary graphics application, my computer would spontaneously reboot -- a bit counter-productive.  I watched for new drivers and new versions of my application but, as technology marched on, my beloved tablet and graphics application continued their spats.Sadly, I disconnected the tablet and gently packed it away.  Lately, I've been feeling the pull once more, that urge to use a pen to do photo touch-ups instead of my mouse.  Miraculously, a Wacom Intuos3 6-inch by 11-inch tablet dropped, almost literally, into my lap.  Sleek, gun-metal gray, sexy -- with a comfort-grip pen (much like my coveted Pilot G2 pens) AND a mouse!  Even better, the Intuos3 comes bundled with 3 applications that show off its capabilities:  Adobe Elements 4.0, Corel Painter Essentials 3, and nik Color Efex 2.0 lE.  Heaven just got better!The Intuos3 has over 5000 lines per inch of resolution, over twice that of the Wacom Graphire product line, and, with its USB 2 connection, there's more than enough communication bandwidth, meaning better tablet to application response.  One hesitation I have when adding a new piece of hardware is in regard to what the driver will do to my system; will it introduce instability or get along with everyone else.  The Intuos3 driver has been rock-solid in the two weeks that the tablet has been living with me.  I've used all of my "usual" programs and have had no problems at all.  The tablet has also been peacefully co-existing with two external drives, a wireless desktop receiver, a card reader, a scanner, and a printer, all riding the same USB bus.The Intuos3 has 8 "chordable" buttons, 4 at each side of the tablet, to which keys, macros, or other actions may be assigned.  The default for each group are the usual ALT, CTRL/Command, and Shift, along with "space".  The placement of the buttons allows you to keep a grip on the tablet, holding one or more of the buttons, while tapping whatever key on the keyboard with your pen hand.  Being chordable, you can hold any or all of the buttons down for those tricky shortcuts like ALT-CTRL-S or To the side of each of the two button pads are touch strips which can be independently programmed as well.  The default setting is to scroll or depending on the context.  The ends of the strip, in keystroke mode, can be set to playback macros.  The pen, with its 1024-level pressure-sensitive stylus AND "eraser," also has a DuoSwitch.  The DuoSwitch's two positions may also be programmed.The pen action is smooth with the default nylon nib -- there are different types of nibs to simulate different types of tactile feedback.  With the ergonomic grip, the pen is extremely comfortable to hold.  The 5-button mouse, designed to be used by either "righties" or "lefties," is not as ergonomically correct but considering the versatility, this is more than acceptable.  As with every other clickable/pressable feature associated with the Intuos3, the mouse buttons are programmable with a ridiculous number of options, although I've yet to find the "fix photo,"  "illustrate article," or even the "design website" settings.I can see only two very minor changes that I would make to this fantastic product.  I would love to see the ability to add weight to the pen.  It is just a bit too light for my personal tastes and considering how configurable the tablet is already, this feature would be the feather on the cap to me.  The other change would be making the drawing surface transparent as it is on the Graphire (and was on the ArtZ II).  Sometimes, having the ability to trace an outline can save significant time.For the casual home user, I would recommend the Graphire product line -- this Intuos3 model's SRP of $369 may be a bit high where a $99 entry point on the Graphire is more affordable.  For the pro-consumer or professional, however, whether doing photo editing (my primary use) or illustration, the Intuos3 line is well worth the investment.  It's great to be in Heaven again ... 
1 I bought the Sansa M240 two months ago and am quite happy with it. It's light-weight, holds plenty of media (I have yet to fill it up) and the sound is suprisingly good. No complaints 
1 The other effusive reviews are spot-on...  the picture is fabulous on new DVDs (Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter).  A $20 Cables to Go HDMI cable does a great job.  We have the  Sony KDF-42E2000 42" 3LCD Rear Projection HDTV and are thrilled with the combination.  A few annoyances:  The machine responds and loads slowly, but that's not too bad; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price.  And, certain DVDs of old movies (Some Like it Hot, The King and I) stretch the picture horizontally, making things look squat.  I'm sure there's a solution, but just can't figure it out.  Any tips 
1 I bought this item, since I always make a lot of notes from books and other papers, and don't want to type it in manually anymore. This scanner, probably like any other model, needs a little training to get it right over the paper, but once done, it really works and faster than typing!I dont use the addressbook or options with your GSM but they are no doubt very handy.I just scan in from papers, and beam it to my laptop. Both Infrared and the cable work. The cable is especially great for using the scanner 'live'on the screen: the scanned text appears on the pc as you type!The dictionary also comes in very handy.It must be a very complex product, but just like the Ipod or ZenXtra mp3 players: they work!So buy one and save some time! Excellent and recommended for anyone that needs to make notes, or studies, or just wants to stop cutting out pages in newspapers in a train e.g 
1 As your DVD/CD collections grow, these are ideal for protecting and storing your "treasures". Easy to open and take up little storage space. The center lock tab is secure but allows you to remove the discs from the case with ease.Just a great product 
1 Excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price.  If you use a lot of AA's, this is the way to go -- made especially nice if you use them as a filler to get your shipping free on your entire order if it is hovering in the $18 range 
1 Very pleased w/item.  Compact.  Easy to move from place to place 
1 I bought this to clean up all of my kids DVDs. They have a ton of discs that are dirty, scratched, etc. I have cleaned over 30 discs so far and have fixed all but one (it was *really* scratched up).I am suprised at the negative reviews on this item since I have considered this one of my smartest buys this year 
1 Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last.  I received a new camera and was using generic rechargeable batteries in it, almost as powerful as the 2500s here, and the batteries ran out after a few hours.  Replaced those batteries with these, and these just seem to last on and on.  Am very happy with them 
1 You really can't go wrong with this one.  Not great response but what do you expect for less than $300?  On the other hand, The possibilities for this surround system are endless.  Want something just for the effects to complilment your bedroom wide screen?  How about using it for a dedicated gaming sound system, (this is how my daughter has it configured).  It's our second one.  First one died as a result of recent electrical storm, (Yes the circuit was 'protected', but so what).  Couldn't be happier for the investment 
1 This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav'nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very well. 
1 The service from Amazon was great, delivery people were most cooperative, made delivery as promised, placed TV in space where we wanted and hooked up and checked it out.They even offered to take away the empty carton. We saved about $250 by buying from Amazon rather than from local retailer 
1 If you want a budget home theater system for under $200 there is probably not many systems better then the Sony HT-DDW700. This system is ideal for small rooms such as a bed room or a tiny living room.Considering the price, sound quality is actually better then expected for me. The tiny cube speakers presents pretty good clarity. They may look like cheap computer speakers but they aren't and are a bit heavier then they look. The center channel may be a little underpowered since dialog during dvd movies sound a tad soft and a little too low. The surround effects during movies in dolby digital and dts are very good though.If set up properly the speakers handle surround effects very well.Some minor complaints is that the speaker wire attached to the speakers are very thin. They are fixed and can't be replaced. Also, if you want heart stopping bass then this system might not be for you. The 8" subwoofer is okay considering the price of the system. It is currently better then any other sub included in a home theater system under $200. It isn't powered, is very light (only 9 lbs) and you have to be pretty close to actually feel the bass. The volume would have to be cranked up extremely high for the sub to actually rattle your walls. The receiver comes with 1 optical and 1 coxial digital input and 4 rca analog inputs. It should be enough in most cases. An extra digtal input or two wouldn't hurt but again the system is under $200. Setup couldn't be easier. You just hook up the included microphone, place it at your listening postion and press a button on the remote. The system will automatically sets up the speaker distance, delay and volume levels. The receiver comes with the basic pro logic II music and move modes to upmix your stereo sources. It also has other sound fields and effects to enhace the sound but they don't really seem to enhance the sound by that much if at all.Basically, if you want a home theater system for a small room and for under $200 then there isn't much better then the Sony HT-DDW70 
1 I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders.  I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).PLUSES: decent soundgood functionalityeasy set-up and intuitive operationsimple remote -- but only covers basic functionsCONS:very short speaker leadsunattractive styling (for my tastes) -- resembles a boomboxonly holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic unitsAt first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies.  But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400.  Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China.  So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom.  The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty.  I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.I originally bought a $300 Panasonic unit (SC-PM71SD MP3 SD Micro System) which was returned because it didn't have the full data recording feature as advertised (data recording was crippled by DRM limitations).  This Sony stereo costs half as much, and has almost all the same functionality 
1 The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice.  Wonderful product, does what it's supposed to do, for a fabulous price. Recommended 
1 I bought this 2 years back and still it is in great shape. Recently i forgot compact flash in my shirt pocket and went for washing and then followed by Drying. My wife found compact flash in dryer and i thought it would not work. Surprisingly it is working fine and i could see my past snapshots with out any problem. 
1 It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it 
1 I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's 
1 After looking around at the local stores (Fry's and CompUSA) I had just about given up on finding a single case that would offer reasonable protection for my iPod in multiple environments - on my belt and also in exercise, and had resigned myself to having a "skin" type case for just everyday use and then shifting the iPod to an arm band for exercise. Not a particularly great solution - expensive (around $20 for each) and a lot of shifting back and forth to cover both uses.Then I ran into the DLO Action Jacket at Best Buy, which seemed to cover all my intended uses. Unlike the prior reviewer, I found my 40g iPod fits VERY snugly - absolutely zero slop, and I really like not having to worry about keeping up with more than one case. Also, at $29.95, it's cheaper than the two-case approach. The only criticism I have of this jacket is that when you want to convert from belt clip to sport use you have to snake the band through two loops on the backside of the case and over the little plastic belt clip receiver that protrudes from the back of the case. The process is a little tedious, but the end result is great. The unit feels very secure on my arm and it's easy to forget that it's there.This jacket is a winner 
1 We've had this printer for almost two years. I do a good amount of printing, both color & b/w. While I do need to do cleanings more often with this printer, mine is not sucking up ink at an unreasonable rate at all. And it is very affordable. Photos don't always print well... the only photo paper I have found to work well with my S530D was very the glossy trial pack that came with it when I bought it. No other photo paper has done well at all, so I suggest theirs. This is the best printer we have had in 10 years, and belive me I've thrown my share out the window! I can offer THIS advice to owners of ANY printers. Always use the power switch ON THE PRINTER to turn it on off, never use the power strip switch, or the switch from properties. For some reason doing so supposedly wastes ink? I don't get it, but I've always followed that advice and this printer has been an absolute gem for us. Good Luck! Jeanni 
1 I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice 
1 I am extrememly happy with this one.  For the price, it delivers well.  The voice recorder works well.  My key need was to record lectures and listening to them.  Worked out very well 
1 I've been a gamer for almost 20 years.  This is the best mouse I've ever owned.  It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed.  I would definitely recommend it.The DPI adjustment is a nice touch.  I prefer corded mice due to cordless being to heavy, this mouse is just right 
1 I have two seperate units.  One hardwired to my car, and the other is the JVC unit.  I hooked it directly into the audio (aux) ports of my Radio, rather than use an fm station.  It works great, the sound quality is excellent as well - (and my radio is so old it play's 8-tracks!!!!).  I did notice that the unit tends to run a bit warm to hot.  I agree with the previous reviews, that it is something that JVC needs to look into, perhaps it is simply a matter of a "heat sink-er" not being in specs, as yet, I have encountered no problems (having had the JVC unit for 1.5 years)  No matter.  As to the commercial free: Sirius (which I have had a subscription to for the past 4 years) has commercial free radio, though the news stations and a few others do have commercials.  Those stations are clearly defined as being in the commercial block.  The music stations are 100% free of commercial. All in all a damn cheap price to pay for avoidance of all those really irritating DJ's, commerical's, and lack of variety in stations!  ~Cheers! 
1 I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs.  I bought this lens cleaner and -- voila! -- the recorder is working again.  Super easy to use (it's simply a DVD that you insert into your machine, and the menus tell you what to do).  Highly recommended 
1 IT's a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does. 
1 Is it expensive?, yes it is!!!However, I was conecting my Ipod mini to my speakers with two cables, mini jack cable and power cable and it was very unconfortable to do every day. The dock is a great solution for this issue. Now, I just insert the Ipod mini in the dock. Easy, fast and confortable. Additionaly, I can read easyly the song I am listening to 
1 Quick reader, poor design. It does a great job copying images to my Mac, but the flimsy lid is a piece of poo-poo. It stays on tight, which is good, until you try to open it. The force required to open it pulls the lid completely off making the ball-groove hinges useless. It's only a matter of time until the weak arms containing the hinges snap off, leaving the reader exposed to the elements 
1 I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5.  The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle.  The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies.  When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag.  There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona).The Adorama Slinger Bag is a great travel bag. It is light weight and has great utility.  I highly recommend it. 
1 Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo 
1 I've never had any problems with Memorex DVD's or CD's. When I was ordering and read some of the reviews here, I had to go back and look at what I was using to make sure. I've always taken it for granted and only posted this review to counteract some of the negative ones. I don't know why some users are having problems, but these DVD's always worked great for me, and I record on average over one a day 
1 I agree that this drive can be a little slow, but it hasn't caused a problem for me. I keep copies of many files (about 1 GB total) related to a large project at work on mine. When I first copied all the files to the drive it took a couple of minutes, but now I just make changes or updates to the individual files and the write times are short enough that I don't even notice them (just a second or two). I also seemlessly work on the files on both a PC at work and a Mac at home. To me the best feature is the reliability. Between my husband and I, we've had several Cruzer Minis in various sizes and each one has worked great, even through accidental abuse. One of his 512 MB drives accidently went through the washing machine. We thought the data was gone, but when it dried out, it worked fine. Just today I found my 2 GB drive at the bottom of the dryer; it had been left in a pocket and had gone through both the washing machine and dryer. Yep, it still worked! I'm buying a new one to replace it (just in case) because I don't know it there might be some long-term effects from the water and heat, but I'll keep using this one for less important applications. Changes are good, though, that it'll never have a problem. These things are amazingly reliable 
1 I recently ordered this for a week long trip I was planning to Olympic National Park.  WOW what a great find.  I didn't have to worry about how many pictures my memory card would hold and could just snap away.  I think it also increased my shutter speed too. I would definitely recommend this to anyone and have actually 
1 I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me.  He loves them.  The sound is fine and the headphones are comfortable.  
1 The Nike+ system has really been a good motivator for me. As a new runner, I need all the motivation and positive reinforcement I can get. The challenges and goals are a good way to keep on track as well.I didn't buy the Nike+ shoes - I use mine with the Marware Sportsuit Relay set up. It's a great system and a lot cheaper than spending $100 for a pair of running shoes when I already have a couple good pairs in the closet. Both products are highly recommended 
1 I've had this card for about 1 1/2 years now and it has performed flawlessly. It has seen thousands of photos (no exaggeration!) on my digital camera and now holds data/mp3s for my palm too. Did you know you can pop your SD card out of a camera and into a palm to view photos? I just learned this. Anyway it's a nice product and I'm about to get another SimpleTech with 512 megs or higher if they have one. If you are new to SD memory, always get more storage than you need because eventually you'll buy something that will use one (camera, handhelds, cell phones, etc. -- note that many cell phones use a smaller "MiniSD") 
1 This is a perfect mp3 player. I had the 40Gb model before this and needed a bit of extra room. You can't ask for anything more than this. It does everything an mp3 player should, and more (podcasts, videos, photos). I bought the 60 a couple of weeks before the 80 was released at the same price. Bad timing on my behalf.. 
1 Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought  
1 This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub. The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately. In short, If you have an old school machine with USB ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use, this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk 
1 I bought this card about 10 months ago to go with my Nikon D70 and I've certainly had no regrets. I haven't tried pushing the card to its limits to see how quickly it can write, but it's been plenty fast enough to keep up with me in single-shot mode. The card is always ready when I am. Downloading from the card to computer via my SanDisk Imagemate is fast too.I like it so much, I'm buying a second one today 
1 Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!! 
1 I bought this system recently after my Panasonic DVD Surround System broke. I was a little leary about this system since other reviewers have mentioned a hissing noise here on Amazon and other sites for that matter. But I couldn't find anything like this value and decided I could just take it back if I didn't like it. Well, I love it! The sound is great! Subwoofer is awesome! I do not hear a hissing noise at all. This sounds so much better than my Panasonic which broke and that I had paid $100 more for 
1 I have been looking for an easier way to protect the front my my lens without having to either take off my lens hood or trying to fumble around with the lens cap with the hood still on.  Op/Tech came up with the solution!  All you have to do is stretch the proper size hood hat over the hood and everything is protected and ready to go.  Super easy to take off, putting on takes a little more time, but you never miss a picture putting it on anyway.  Basically this is an inexpensive way to add some extra insurance against getting dirt, water, etc on your front element while you are walking around looking for shots.  It is also very flexible and easy to stick in a pouch or pocket when not being used 
1  I had owned an LG burner and from the time I got it, it never worked right. I must have made 60 or 70 coasters before I decided that it was'nt the media, it was the crappy LG brand burner. I was really afraid because there are so many burners on the market and all of them claim to be good, but as I found out with my LG experience, that is not always true.  My brother has an older model Sony burner and although his is slow, it has made a handful of coasters in the 5 years that he has owned it, so I took a chance and purchased the Sony DRU-810A. That was the best decision I could have made. I will never buy another brand burner other that Sony brand. I have had this burner about 7 or 8 months. I am a very heavy burner and I have not made one coaster.  One thing I loved about my brother's Sony burner is that I could use any brand of media. The same thing is true of the DRU-810A. I don't have to worry about where the media was manufactured or who the maker is. This burner loves everything. I had looked at the Plextor brand, but I did'nt want to pay $100.00 and I looked at NEC brand, LiteOn, BenQ. etc., but I am so happy that I passed on them all and got the Sony. It burns super fast. Some people say that it is loud, but it's not loud to me. I got my burner from Tiger Direct for $50.00. My sister's computer came with a crappy LG brand burner too and for almost 2 years she has not been able to burn at all because she gets nothing but coasters too, so for Christmas I am buying her a Sony DUR-810A so she can finally burn some movies. For my money, this is the best burner bar none. 
1 I bought it for my Canon S3 IS. First I tried it without formatting and fill it up with photos and video and no problems. Then I did the suggested format by Canon and it worked the same: perfect. Fast enough to cope with the demands of the camera; haven't any problem of corruption. I've been tempted to buy another one.  
1 I read the other reviews on this bookholder and wasn't so sure about it.  However, after buying and trying it out, I have no regrets.  Don't know why I waited soo long to get one (dont be like me and wait until you start to feel some neck strain from hours of studying hunched over before buying one).  Although made of plastic, it is very study and has nice rubber feet to keep it from sliding.  The clips on the bottom work very well to keep pages open and you can change how firm or loose you want it to hold.  Unlike other models, this one folds completely flat so you can carry it in your backpack between books.  I have used it mostly for softcover textbooks and have no problem 
1 Look, for a bargain-basement product, what do you expect?  First, you expect it to work, and I can confirm it definitely does work.When plugged in to USB, it signals XP correctly.  The driver software is very tolerant.  You can install it at any time and there is never a resource conflict or problems with the system recognizing the device.  So installation is a 5 minute process.Next comes the capture and initial encoding.  Well, the software is a bit lame as far as features and GUI.  Typical.  But it absolutely saves in MPEG2 / DVD format just as you'd need it to for making DVDs of all your Dish Network or PS2 or VHS content.  The frame rate is full on 30 fps.  It takes an SVIDEO or standard RCA video signal.  Both are just fine in quality.  The resolutions are not that great... but its passable for DVD when you crank it up.  Don't think you can encode some Blu-Ray quality MPEG with this though.As far as the overall durability of the product, I've literally left mine plugged into the wall and running for about 1 year straight.  It gets hot, but its never so much as flickered or needed reset.  Bottom line?  This thing is like a kids toy- its cheesy but tough as nails.  Get it for your first analog signal MPEG encoder.  Its a good value. 
1 The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style 
1 I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not able to recognize the card under WinXP SP2 with and without the most recent SimpleTech drivers. I don't have another card reader for my computer, but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my PDA so I assume that it's the card reader. Shortly afterwards, I also discovered that Kingston makes a combo kit that includes their USB 2.0 SD/MMC reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.I also noticed the ATP line of 60x and 150x SD cards. I have no experience with their products, but their SD cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell. They tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof. I'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me, but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors, I will consider the ATP cards in the future. 
1 I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn't get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love this thin 
1 This is a good compact flash card.  This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards that are much more expensive.  
1 GREAT ITEM, POWERED OFF LAPTOP ITS FANS WORK QUIETLY TO KEEP LAPTOP COOL. SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY US YOUR LAP, WITHOUT FEAR OF OVERHEATING YOUR COMPUTER. AN INEXPENSIVE SOLUTION TO PREVENTING COSTLY REPAIRS. WISH I'D PURCHASED EARLIER AS I ALREADY FRIED MY CD/DVD DRIVE AND HAD TO REPLACE THEM. GOOD PRODUCT TARGUS 
1 I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not able to recognize the card under WinXP SP2 with and without the most recent SimpleTech drivers. I don't have another card reader for my computer, but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my PDA so I assume that it's the card reader. Shortly afterwards, I also discovered that Kingston makes a combo kit that includes their USB 2.0 SD/MMC reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.I also noticed the ATP line of 60x and 150x SD cards. I have no experience with their products, but their SD cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell. They tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof. I'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me, but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors, I will consider the ATP cards in the future. 
1 Works like a charm, the Wi-Fi sniffer in the software is definitely a big plus ! You can get details of the connection i.e. connection strength, AP name and etc. Worth every penny  
1 I purchased this product 2 years back and it is still working without any problem. I use the batteries mostly for my digital camera and have no complaints so far. Highly recommend this product 
1 The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures.  When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, Amazon really came through for me and the price was excellent.  
1 My DVD player was ready to be thrown out, until I saw this product on amazon.  My DVD player wouldn't even load a DVD.  It kept saying "please check disc". After loading this disc, my DVD player has worked perfectly ever since.  Don't spent $30 on one of these "clean up discs". This one does the job 
1 This memory card reader worked like a charm for me.  We've used both SD and Sony memory sticks in it with absolutely no problems 
1 This card has all of the memory space required for my personal use. I would recommemd it to others 
1 Overall this is a very good remote.  It replaced 5 of my remotes, which is all except my Bose, which is RF controlled.  It even replaced my Windows Media Center Edition remote and works with my PS2 with no problems.My negatives for this device are that the layout is a little less comfortable and intuitive than some of my other remotes and the default functions aren't necessarily the most used functions therefore requiring additional time to set-up.  These negative however are more than acceptable when you remember that it works with so many devices.  I am definitely happy with this remote and would undoubtably purchase again 
1 easiest remote to program. has tremendous ability to tweek. will keep recommending to all my customers 
1 After doing a fair amount of Internet research about MP3 players and their features I was under the impression that I would go with an iPod.  Having been in the computer industry for almost 15 years I have never been fond of the Mac and have always been a little biased towards PC's.  This added to my reticence to own a Mac product and the growing complaints about service on the iPod being a 'bit' over priced I forged on.I started reading through all of the reviews I could find on the Internet and as always, found a wealth of them here on Amazon.  To my dismay all the reviews I could find on product names I knew absolutely trashed the products they were reviewing which scared me immensely.  Thats is, until I got to the iAudio line.  The reviews were almost all positive and the complaints that were present were things I could easily overlook.  I love the control, I am big guy with big hands and I have rarely, if ever, pushed the control and not had the result I was intending.I have had my iAudio X5 for over a month and I have nothing bad to say in the least.  I am an avid Linux user and it works flawlessly with Linux, the sound quality is phenomenal, except the ear buds that came with mine have a lot of static in them so get rid of those.  The FM tuner is great (you wont get that on an iPod).  I travel a lot and I pipe my X5 through my car stereo using a cassette tape converter plugged into the stereo out port.What else can I say, this is a great product with great features and it looks good too!  I also bought a case from zCover which fits the purpose but I think that as time goes on some better more versatile cases will come to market.A Satisfied Custome 
1 I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play.  I was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an LCD hanging off of it.  It's the best-feeling keyboard I've ever owned.  The keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate, and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature.  The backlighting is bright, day or night, and the programmable G-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past.  Highly recommended 
1 This is a great piece of hardware, the wireless rear speakers was a big selling point for me. But in my apartment I would like to have more control over the subwoofer speaker, it's volume slider is hidden in a settings menu there is no separate knob for it on the speaker itself. The bass sound from subwooferis overbearing at default. The other thing is that I would like to be able to have better control over the sound itself with an equalizer. That's not going to happen with this system, you can't change that easily. And yes the 5 disk changer is slow. The maximum volume setting doesn't seem that loud to me, but then I have the decibal settings at default. All the sound quality you expect from a theater system is here, it has all the flavors. Hooking it up to an xbox directly didnt work the way I'd like it too, but I only tried RCA and not the digital. I have a sony 32" Wega and I had the xbox patch to it and then routed to the DAV-FX100 reciever. That works like a charm, even with 5.1 sound from XBOX. One huge complaint I have is the shielding for the mid and left and right front speakers are not the best. I see a bit of haze from the magnetic fields from both the front 3 speakers, even had to elevate my center channel for fear that would permanently damage the tube on my TV. There is mention of this problem in the manual but that should be on the front page not the middle of the manual! Beware! Four Stars 
1 I used Lexar Media Multi Card REader in my P2120 Fujitsu laptop via a USB 2 PC-Card adapter.  It's truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in Windows XP 
1 I like to purchase service or replacement contracts on all my electronics needs, just set back and relax....YOUR COVERED.  
1 If you are looking for an inexpensive iPod, then I would recommend this.  
1 You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.Overall good value for price 
1 First, I would buy it again if I needed to.  This 15" takes up less space on the kitchen counter, i.e., speakers are on the bottom. Second, picture and sound are excellent, i.e, clear.I would not buy this item if I wanted a true VESA mount to monitor configuration.  The stand, not the monitor, has the screw holes for the VESA wall mount.  Not enough or clear info in the description. However, it is just as easy to turn on the counter as on the wall.  If you need counter space then buy something else. 
1 I bought the intuos 6x11 pen tablet couple weeks ago and I use italmost every day so far so good, I don't expect to have any problems with it.I used to have a small wacom graphire and I used for years then unfortunately the pen broke so now I own a new one the only advice I can give to you is to keep it clean, wipe it out every now and then with a wet cloth jo 
1 I love my 2 GB SD memory card. I use it all the time and have had no problems with it 
1 Alot Better Then Wrapping The Neck Strap Around Your Arm Or Hand...It Really Depends On What Kind Of Photography You Do. I Shoot At Night Clubs And Weight Can Add Up. I Have A Canon Rebel XT, Hand Grip With 2 Batties, Canon 550EX Flash, And 50mm F/1.4 Or 17-40mm F/2.8It Feels Alot Better Using The Hand Strap... 
1 I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly.  Haven't found a dvd player yet that they won't play in 
1 I recently purchased this item and I am very happy with its performance and quality. I use it daily in the gym it delivers excellent sound and you dont even realize you have it on due to its light weight 
1 These boxes are half the size of regular cases, just right--not too bulky like the regular ones 
1 I recently purchased this item for my wife who has a small office.  the reception on this unit is great.  Bieng in a steel building she is able to get all the local radio stations. The sound quality on it is perfect for a small room considering the price range it is in.  If you are looking for a booming sound this is not for you but it will provide a solid quality sound.  
1 This is an awesome tablet! It has great pressure sensitivity and the pen allows for fantastic freehand drawing in programs like illustrator, photoshop and painter. The pen is a more natural feeling tool to use in these applications than a mouse. The size of the tablet allows you to get into greater detail without having to zoom in all the time. 
1 This device is great for carriying around with your camera, you can review and share the pictures with any PC with USB available, data can also be recorded and easily recovered. 
1 I bought a 1GB with my new camera because I was giving my other camera and it's 256 memory card to my sister.  The smaller card would fill quickly and I'd have to develope the pictures or deleat them.  I paid about $9.00 more for my card in Sept., and thought that was a deal.  Now, you can get this card for $20.00.  That's a steal for a 1 GB.  also, I like the little case provided to keep the card safe when I take it to the store to develope the pictures.  Love it 
1 These batteries have been awesome.  My digital camera uses 4 of them at a time and they last for 100's of photographs.  Flash recharge is very quick.  Highly recommended 
1 I've been using these earbuds for several months now, and they're far better than the ones that come with the iPod. They're more comfortable, and there's so much more bass, although as everyone else pointed out you have to push them way into your ears to get the bass.My pair has gone through the washing machine twice and the dryer once, and they still sound just as good as the day I got them! (I did have to glue one of the earpieces back together, though.) I thought I'd certainly destroy them by getting them wet, but these things are industrial strength 
1 I am a mild audophile, and I love these headphones. They have great base response, treble, and isolation. If you listen to music on the bus on train while listening for your stop, don't get get these! You won't be able to hear a thing outside of the music 
1 You may as well pitch the instructions because they're worthless (and the only reason I'm not giving a 5-star rating for the ADS Tech Video Xpress).  I was about ready to pitch the product as well, after losing two evenings trying to figure out how to get it to work.  Ultimately, I gave up on relying solely on the program it came with, and I instead opted to try it on my Windows Movie Maker.  Yahoo!  Perseverance paid off!  Once I switched to Movie Maker, this tool worked great!  To date, I've converted about a dozen videos of content to computer files that I was able to burn to DVDs.  I just leave my Xpress hooked up to the back of my television so I don't have to try to remember later how to hook it up again.  Doing that, I can connect my laptop to the Xpress and start the video converting process within 3-4 minutes.  My Movie Maker program takes over the entire process.  The ADS Tech Video Xpress has been especially useful for me because I teach a college telecourse and often show edited video clips to my students.  Before purchasing Xpress, I had crudely edited videos that I was reluctant to use; my videos had lots of amateur stop/start points.  Using Movie Maker with Xpress, I was able to download these videos to my laptop, then easily edit them so transitions between stop and start points became smooth and seamless.  Pretty cool.  I'm glad I took a chance on this product!Below are hook-up and program instructions I've written to myself for easy reference later.  Hopefully they'll be of more help to you than the instructions that come with this product:First, hook up the Video Xpress equipment as follows:1.  S-cable (buy one, since it doesn't come with the VideoXpress) goes from the back of your television to the VideoXpress.  2.  Use red/white/yellow cords running into the back of the VCR/DVD that is hooked up to your televion as follows:- all three plug into the "video out" column- all three plug into the VideoXpress tool at the other end.  3.  The USB plug for the VideoXpress tool plugs into the back of the computer.Next, open the Instant Video Xpress program and verify the settings are as follows:- "NTSC M" for the video standard setting- "640 x 480" and "60 FPS (VGA)" for video format- "DVD, VCR, TV" for video source- "Video composite" for video inputUnder the program advanced settings:- Low motion (TV, VCD, DVD)- CPU support: "SSE3"- Stereo system: "MTS"- Video decoder: "video standard: NTSC_M"Under properties within the program advanced settings:- Stream format:  Video format: "NTSC_M"- Frame rate: "59.940"- Color space/compression: "YUY2"- Outputs size: "640x480"Finally, CLOSE the Instant Video Xpress program.  (Windows Movie Maker can't access the video until this program is closed.  And yes, it's silly to have to open it, make those setting changes, then close it, but Video Xpress won't work correctly unless you follow those setting steps.)In case you need this information for Windows Movie Maker, the steps (in order) are as follows:Under "File," click on "capture video."Use the following settings:- audio device set at: "USB2.0 Analog Audio Device"- Video input source set at: "Composite"Under Configure Video Capture Device:- Video format: Video standard: "NTSC_M"		   Frame rate: "29.970"		   Color space/compression: "YUY2"		   Output size: "640x480"Under Camera settings:- Deinterlace method: "Low motion (TV, VCD, DVD)"- CPU support: "SSE3"- Stereosystem: "MTS"Under Video decoder: Video standard: "MTSC_M"Signal detected: "1"Lines detected: "525"Then...Give the file a name and indicate where to save itSet it for "best quality" for playback.Then "Start Capture."If the Video Xpress is hooked up and running correctly, you should see on your computer monitor the video image of whatever is showing on television, but you will NOT hear the sound.  When you finish capturing and play it back, THEN you'll hear the sound.I know, I know -- clear as mud.  But hey, it's better than the Xpress instructions!  :- 
1 Its really works fine for my items as well as my son's toys. We both  are happy with this 
1 I have been using Memorex dvd-r blank media for more than a year and have gotten fine recordings with my new dvd player/recorder.  Not all of my recordings were successful, no product I know is 100% perfect, but the majority have been successful with Memorex dvd blank media.This 50-pack spindle was purchased from Amazon because I know I can rely on them to give you the best in quality and value plus free shipping.   Moreover, I have never really been disappointed with anything purchased from Amazon.   After trying many dvd-r blank media, I found Memorex dvd-r spindles to be affordable and reliable for a better than average performance.  
1 Not quite as powerful as I was hoping for, but the sound is alright and in a small room it'll do fine.Careful, there is no plug-in at the back, so you can only connect MP3 or auxiliary stuff through the little front jack.Otherwise it's easy to use and pretty cool-looking... ideal for quiet listening, lame if you host a big party and need loud stuff 
1 The pro and cons described by other reviews are valid. I was specifically looking for a boombox that has cassette, mp3, cd and radio capability. So didn't have much of an option but to get this one. I am impressed with the sound quality but agree that there could have been improvements related to interface and some of the functionality. Overall I think its a good buy. 
1 I LOVE this arm band. I have had it for about 6 months now. You dont have to take your iPOD out of the arm band to charge it or to hook it up to your computer. I also only use my iPOD for the gym, so its nice that this arm band provides great protection (better than iPOD's armbands because it fits snugly and wont scratch it when you put it on) as well as not coming off while working out. 
1 I bought the 128MB card 8-9 mnths ago. At first didnt notice it but the usable memory kept getting smaller! Finally it gave a 'Error Reading Card'  message and stopped working. Customer service at Viking was very very helpful and prompt. They replaced the card is 7 days. They also tried to retrieve some of the images that I had considered 'lost' in the card and sent me a CD with the images on it! I was impressed with the excellent support, but not too impressed that the card died so early in its life. Would I buy it again? Yes but likely go for keeping a backup card on hand at all times as well 
1 I'm very happy with this desktop system.  Great sound, great reception, great price 
1 I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's 
1 (Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.)Major modes of operation are:1. Wireless Access Point (its default set-up)2. Wireless Client (connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the WAP54G and you now have a wireless ethernet device)3. Wireless Repeater (extend range of wireless coverage)4. Wireless Bridge (connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a "virtual" cable; you need two to get the job done)A pair of wireless bridges is just what I needed but hesitated to buy the WAP54G because of Brian's comment that this wouldn't work. Because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that Brian was wrong. I bought a pair and they do work.I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons.1. I understand that higher-end, more expensive, equipment can be had with more range than this box. Gotta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment!2. One must dig very deeply into the users guide (a PDF on the CD) to find the default IP address in order to configure this device. Luckily I had read elsewhere what that IP address is (192.168.1.245). Other manufacturers make this info readily available, even going so far as printing it on the device itself. This will be critical info to any Linux user. Also, the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is "admin". Well, it's not. The only allowed userid is an empty field. This had me going for a few minutes.3. Something that 99% of the world won't care about -- I like to have more access to the firmware. For example other Linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it's attached to. I think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this 
1 This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X  It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb/sec which exceeds 18 mb per second.  Frequently card manufacturers advertise their read speed, which is always much faster. Analyze your file size for pictures you take and the speed in mb/sec will tell you how many of those pictures you can store in one second.That impacts time between pictures. For cameras, write speed is the most important, but the speed rating of the card doesn't necessarily tell you its write speed.  For music players and other devices, read speed may be more important.  So you might choose a different card depending on whether you intend to use it to play music or take pictures.  I'm currently shopping for SD cards for a camera with the capability to shoot 3 pictures per second with large file sizes.  In order not to slow the camera down, I need a fast card.  I have done some research and realized that the reviews here aren't necessarily even related to this particular card, but are for all different sizes and speeds of Kingston cards. Kingston has been in the memory business for a long time and they are conservative in their ratings.  This card is #1 on my list right now because of its tested write speed 
1 I bought this memory card for my camera sd500.  At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop.  After googled around, I realized I need to update my laptop sd reader driver to recognized sd card that is over 1gb.  I'm able to see full 2gb after driver update.  Just make sure you update your device/laptop firmware/driver first 
1  Same as everybody else, I ordered mine a couple of days back and it hasn't shipped...I want it!!!!! 
1 Cool! I can expand my-single-USB-port-laptop more flexible.From single peripheral to be quadruplet. I can plug Flashdisk, mouse, external and digital camera in same time. Worth money for usefull gadget 
1 I first saw these speakers at the Apple store, and i really liked the sound and the look.  I went on amazon and found a better price and i couldnt be happier with them.  As long as you have a decent soundcard, these speakers really are great.  i have had no problem with them at all, they look really cool, they're loud, they're small, the woofer gives you a lot of bass (which you can turn down), and the sound from the speakers is clear.  buy these 
1 What else do you need to know? You plug in your PCs and a cable to your router - and go. I used a Netgear hub for years. Replaced it with this Linksys switch and my network speed improved immediately 
1 It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin.  
1 You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.Overall good value for price 
1 The mouse is perfect for games. I use it to play ET and is great. The software provided by Logitech is configurable in all ways 
1 I wanted a non-iPod digital music player, and found this to be a terrific option.  It plays a number of different formats, and includes a lanyard, which is nice when commuting on the train, or for plane travel.  I have only used alkaline batteries so far, and have had excellent battery life.  The menu takes an hour or 2 of playing with to learn, but once you get familiar with the buttons and menu, it's pretty easy.  I have also enjoyed the built in FM tuner, and have not any trouble with reception, even on a moving commuter train.  The sound quality is very good.  I've been using 128 bitrate MP3 songs so far.  The software for transferring music is pretty easy to use, although I did have a little trouble getting the player to be recognized as connected, which seemed to be some kind of order of connections issue.  The included earbuds aren't the most comfortable, especially since I already lost the foam padding, but I will probably get a better pair anyway.  They do sound good though.  Also, the included cases are pretty cheesy and I didn't even bother with them.A little hint:  One thing I did not like was that because of the location of the on button, the unit can fairly easily be turned on when you have it stored in a bag or pocket.  To combat this, simply turn the Hold on.  The unit won't turn on accidentally when it's on 
1 I've had this device for two years.  Just today I sent it through the wash cycle of my laundry (not on purpose).  The thing still works!! I will not, however, try sending it into the dryer though beause I'm pretty sure that would fry this thing 
1 I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice 
1 I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs.  I bought this lens cleaner and -- voila! -- the recorder is working again.  Super easy to use (it's simply a DVD that you insert into your machine, and the menus tell you what to do).  Highly recommended 
1 Just a note to those who've been having trouble opening these cases, without breaking them. If you use an emory board to slightly sand the top knob which is holding the case together, you'll be able to open and close it ok. Don't sand too much, and just do the top knob, or it won't hold together. I like the fact that these cases are clear and fairly inexpensive, so I wanted to make them work. Hope it works for you 
1 The CF card works fine but it's response is kind of slow compaired to the 32MB CF card came with my Canon Powershot A95. I got this card 3 weeks ago and so far their hasn't been any problems. 
1 I do all my burning on a standard Windows Media player, and it's almost entirely data and music, no video. For my purposes, these CD's sound great. In some cases, it actually seems like the discs have enhanced the sound spectrum somewhat. That may be a trick my ears are playing on me but, nevertheless, I'm a big fan of the Memorex. And they're a steal if you catch the sale price. Recommended 
1 When I buy flash memory, I consider price, speed, manufacturer and vendor. I got this particular memory stick for a SonyEricsson w810i phone. I paid extra to get it from Amazon (no they don't always have the best price). This way I am confident that I can return it if I got the wrong one or have a problem with it.The card works fine in my phone, and since I have a USB cable that hooks up to the phone, I don't have to be concerned about removing the card to use a card reader. I have not yet experienced any problems with Sandisk memory products.I am told that the Sandisk sticks are faster than Sony's, but I have no way to confirm this, nor do I know if my phone (mp3 player, camera) is able to take advantage of faster speeds. The longest process is transferring music to the phone, and I wasn't in a hurry anyway.This stick comes with an adapter to use with the older memory stick format, so I can use the 128mb stick that I replaced in my Sony Camcorder (which had a 4mb stick in it. No, it's not a typo. It's actually a 4 megabyte memory stick) 
1 These earphones are incredible! They are comprised of excellent bass and treble. You experience everything much nicely. These earphones compared to the iPod headphones are excellent unlike those raggety things. I bought these from ebay for $8 and for that amount of price, you can't regret buying these sensational earphones 
1 Just my two cents, I bought these from the sony store for $15 bucks two years ago, they've lasted me this long for light office use, so at $7/year, this seems to be a good budget earphones.  I'm not an audiophile, so I don't need expensive earphones.  However they did eventually die on me where the cable connects to the jack, the wires got loose and the sound just stopped.  Moral of the story: don't twist or touch the wires/cable.Pros:  lightweight, budget-oriented, comfortable fit for my earsCons:  eventually broke, cheap earphone covers will get lost easil 
1 Muy pero muy bueno, es mejor todavia que el primer dvd que salio de esta gira 
1 Just some specs missing from amazon's description:USB 2.0 CompactFlash ReaderSmall and travels with easeLED status indicator indicates when files are being transferred Data transfer speeds up to 480Mb/s Backward compatible with USB 1.1 Ships with removable USB 2.0 cable Features Designed for large data transfers, like images, music and video Data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using USB 1.1 Portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces Protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards Compatible with Windows 2000/ME/XP and Mac OS X and 9.1 No drivers required with most current operating systems2-year Limited Warranty  
1 If you snap shots in burst mode, or if you want to take pictures at sporting events, fast cards like those are the way to go.Almost no lag, large capacity, lifetime warranty, no complaints 
1 I purchased several of these cards .... they work great and as advertised. The D200 has a memory buffer ... but these are still FAST cards!  I have used them in the D70 as well.  
1 Sandisk, leader in this kind of technology products sure do not come short with this one. It works excellent on my phone Samsung t609.I would have bought a 1GB but the phone manufacturer do not recomend it, so bear that in mind. For pictures the resolution at close range and bright light is just excellent. For music as an MP3, lots of memory and room to fill as well as for video. Data and in general is terrific...just like I said Sandisk leads the competition and also seems to be the the standard card for just about any product that requires this kind of card. I will most definitely and undoubtely will not accept substitutions. Only Sandisk is extremely reliable. Personal experiences with these products proof it repeatledly.  
1 I use the memory card in my Samsung d807 phone.  Works perfecty 
1 For the Price, I doubt you could do better.  True, there are higer-end devices out there that will improve your picture to the pinnacle of performance, but if all you're after is a significant improvement in the quality of EVERY channel and DVD you watch, you can't beat the ADS for it's price. The biggest flaw is the device's inability to deal with program material that has excessive light or white backgrounds, where the device either creates artifacts or attempts to correct resolution causing my Philips Plasma set to black-out for moments.  This aside, I'm very happy with the ADS, especially it's under $300 price.  One day maybe I'll upgrade to a unit by DVDO, but not until they come don to the sub-$500 range 
1 The one in our bedroom wouldn't always work, couldn't hear the kids calling.  I was unplugging my laptop charger at the same time someone was calling and discovered the charger was filtering the voice.  Both my Dell charger and Thinkpad charger had the same effect, even without the laptop plugged into the charger.  If your having problems, I would start with unplugging other things first.Overall, these have been a Godsend, wife no longer has to scream at the kids across the entire house.  Used to drive me crazy 
1 This is a nice product,i buught it beacause i needed to play DVDs from foreign country and my fancy "sony" dvd vcr player can't read them but this little thing can,it reads all the standards i'm glad i've got it.  
1 I was burned by another company with I bought their product and they didn't offer a replacement plan.  The item died and no one can repair it 
1 Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought  
1 I used to buy Energizers and Duracells at $3-4 a pop for four batteries.  Now I buy generic Alkalines at Costco.  Cost: $8 for 10 four packs.  It's like having a battery store in the kitchen drawer.  According to a recent coprehensive story in Consumer Reports, there is only a little difference between name brand and generic alkaline batteries 
1 You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.Overall good value for price 
1 I bought this model in order to be rid of my almost-new Sony MHCEC70 with its faulty ergonomics and detestable tuner.  Having once owned an earlier PM-series model, this new Panasonic was the obvious choice and it does not disappoint.  Like its predecessor, the PM53 is a nice, powerful compact stereo with (for the money) ridiculously nice audio quality and a good tuner, especially on the FM band.  It can easily be turned up load enough to cause hearing damage and annoy neighbors in adjacent houses.  The remote covers every function and is easy enough to figure out without consulting the manual.  Right now, this is the budget stereo of choice for the discerning.  Sony's competing models are cheesy-looking (hog attention on store shelves,) bigger (i.e., take more materials/cost more to ship,) and consequently suffer certain cost-cutting measures like the aforementioned crappy tuner and simplified (and of course, proprietary) antenna connector.  It's like choosing between the Pontiac and the Toyota.  The Sony is for the unwashed rubes who want 300 watts of mylar-coated bling.  The Panasonic is for people who want something that makes pleasant sounds and looks like the rest of the furniture.  
1 Bag is attractive and very sturdy.  The computer fits securely and is well padded.  I recently used it on a trip and was able to place other carry on items in it and it traveled well 
1 Drive got to me timly, installed per instructions, and works wel 
1 picture sound all great. the only problem is that you must have an advanced degree in english,engineering,and computer science to set the television up.  without my cable company making a house call setup is impossibl 
1 This mount is nicely designed and well-made; it fit the TV perfectly. Our only criticism is that the screws provided for attaching it to the wall were of poor quality. The heads stripped out right away and it took a trip to the hardware store to get replacements 
1 I read some of the reviews about installation issues and they concerned me initially. But, when it came time to get the printer up and running on my wireless network, there really weren't any issues. Just following the directions (and avoiding the EasySecure option) worked fine. I would highly recommend this printer-the quality of the printing is excellent, the feature/function set is quite high for a moderate price, and it's a great home/office printer that has lots to offer. 
1 Maybe beginning ones were a bad batch? Had mine months now and it works great. Everything it says, it does. No problems  keeping it in the system and did not cause any errors. 
1 The CS70 is an excellent product, easy to setup and use and good battery life 
1 Great memory card for the price.  I would highly recommen 
1 This xD memory card works perfectly with my camera Fujifilm Finepix F650. Good buy for the price 
1 I bought this because I did not want to mount my Garmin 350 Nuvi to the windshield. This device makes is much easier to switch the unit to different cars. I drove normally and the unit did not slide around on my dashboard. I can also mount the unit on a center console and it works there too. Please note that this is a complete unit for portable mounting and it is much cheaper than buying the sandbag & mounting arm separately 
1 I have had my Handspring Visor Deluxe for 5...yes, FIVE years (actually longer).  While I take decent care of it, it has taken care of me.  My doctor has one too...exactly like mine and we often talk about how perhaps they should be replaced, but the darn thing is still working great and does everything we need it to.  I finally ordered a new PDA with all the capabilities of my laptop and am passing this one on to someone else who needs it. (I'm not selling it...good karma)  Down to business - the Handspring Visor Deluxe is not the creme de la creme anymore.  But in its day it was.  Great product and if you don't need the bells and whistles (or color display)...go for this.  Totally flawless.  People often complain about the styli of other PDAs.  No complaints here.  Not only is it relatively comfortable, it is stainless tipped with plastic on both ends (doesn't break) and it stays securely in place when you store it in the device.  I literally lost my ORIGINAL stylus just a few days ago.  The display is not as easy to read as the new super crisp glossy screens that are out now, but if you need a basic device with a few bells and whistles that are thrown in for fun (heck, a good deal of the new ones don't have IR)... go for it.  And for the price I just saw it listed for on Amazon ($85) it's a total steal.  Great product 
1 The item works perfectly if you do not place it near other mechanical devices, i.e. TV, air purifier, elec. clock, etc.  Fortunately it hasn't alerted us yet so that will remain to be experienced.  You have to turn it anumber of directions until you get the best reception, then leave it in that  position 
1 This is the best value you can get. Awesome picture with 10,000:1 Contrast Ratio. My XBOX 360 looks amazing with 1080i resolution. Definitely worth the money. You would not be disappointed with this TV. 
1 I got this on sale for $80 and i love it. It holds about 300 songs, gets plenty loud, has amazingly good battery life, and takes all my abuse. I play it at least 2 hours a night, if not all night, its my alarm in the morning, i listen to it in the car, on the bus, before school, during lunch, ok how bout his i use it a ton. I never leave home without it its small, easy and comfortable to hold, and it wont die if you drop it. Wiht my previous player I had an issue with it erasing all the songs and i know other people who have had that issue with other players but this one hasn't let me down yet. O & one big plus the battery back is attached so it will never dissapear 
1 I bought this to record interviews done primarily on the phone and it's worked beautifully. Clear and easy to use. Once downloaded onto my computer I used the Olympus transcription package to transcribe the interviews. This allowed me to listen on headphones, control the progression (and backtracking)of the interview with a foot pedal and keep both hands on the keyboard to type quickly. This voice recorder plus the transcription package dramatically cut the amount of time I had to take trascribing the interviews. Well worth the price. I'd recommend this combo highly, especially to other journalists. 
1 I've been very pleased with this external drive-500GB. My only comments would be that at first the drive was a little 'hit or miss' with mounting on the desktop but a restart would always fix it. Now it seems to always mount. Its all automatic so no need to ever touch the drive. The other thing would be that it could use one more FireWire 400 port (there is only one). I don't use 800 yet so I need to daisy it off of my SmartDisk FireLite that happens to have 2. All in All-Get this drive 
1 Solid product.  Headphone/speaker jack on my laptop died and manufacturer wanted $40 just to cover shipping fees to have it fixed!  I bought this great little unit instead for under $30.  Good audio.  Actually, it saved my laptop once too, laptop fell from 2-3 feet but landed right on the rubberized Turtle Beach Micro, which took most of the force.  It was bent 90 degrees at the USB connector but it still worked!  Proof of solid construction.. 
1 This is our first LCD TV.  Our tube TV finally died.  My wife actually picked out this unit and Consumer Reports also recommended this unit.  We purchased it directly from AMAZON on January 23, 2007.  I wanted to wait a couple of months before I write my review to see if anything happens. But to my surprise the TV is still running and there have been no problems.  We have digital HD and the pictures are great.  It took me a couple of weeks to get use to watching tv with such sharp color and contrast.  However, if you are watching normal digital programming you may not be too happy as it is flat.  But overall its a good buy for us 
1 I researched TVs for a long time before I ended up buying this set.  It helped that Costco offered a coupon for $300 off the price ($1000 final price).   I thought I may not like the TV, so I decided to buy in person as opposed to online to help with a potential return.  However, there is no way I am returning this TV; it's awesome.  The picture is great, and that is just with SD.  The Strech feature makes the regular 4:3 picture fit the screen and not look distored.  I was worried about buying the 37" TV and then having to watch with the black bars on the sides to avoid distortion.  But there is no need with this TV since Sharp has figured out how to strech the picture without distortion.  DVDs look incredible on this TV as well.   What is even better is the built-in HD tuner.  I was debating upgrading my cable to the HD package, but I decide to spend $13 on "rabbit ears" from Target.  Oh my, once I plugged in the indoor antenna and let the TV track for digital stations I was amazed.  The analog station popped up like a fierce snowstorm in winter, but when I went up to the HD digital companion station, I couldn't believe my eyes.  An incredible HD picture with the rabbit ears set on my desk...indoors no less!   Why would I upgrade my cable TV to the HD package when they can't offer the local stations in HD?  Especially when they are FREE with a simple antenna!  I was told this was possible, but quite frankly I was skeptical.  Not anymore, I am so glad I got the Sharp that has the built-in tuner.  I seriously considered just buying the HD ready TV monitor and upgrade through my cable provider.  Boy am I glad that I didn't do that.  If you are in the market for a very nice TV that is easy to use and provides a great picture, I would highly recommend this set.  
1 This is a great product. It was easy to mount and looks great. The only thing that could make it better is if it let the tv rest closer to the wall, but from what I have seen they all sit out from the wall about two inches. I have a 32" LCD mounted on it and it seems pretty heavy for the mount so I always try to keep it closer to the wall, but every time I come home my wife has it extended all the way and swung over 45 degrees. This hasn't caused any problems and I'm sure this is well within its design strength. Highly Reccommended 
1 This is a high quality, precision made piece. I'm very particular about the construction of things that I buy and this Peerless arm more than met my expectations. It was easy to attach to the back of my 32" LCD television and equally easy to mount to the wall. I read a review of another arm where the buyer complained that there were many pieces to assemble. Not so here. Everything is assembled except for the mounting plates that attach to the back of the screen. All hardware is included along with clear, complete instructions. I'd be surprised if you could find something better 
1 Pros:Like a quality piano, the keys give a sense of weight, the bend in the keyboard tool some getting used too but now am typing a full speed.  The mouse offers great control, though I haven't much used all the buttons that are one the form.Cons:The only gotcha is if the computer freezes, there is no way to control-alt-delete.  Also, Setting the favorite keys to non microsoft items tends to reset after updates and restarts 
1 One warning for users with over head lights.  The 6000 keyboard that has tranparent (light gray) keys is very hard to read if the lighting is not quite right.  I have a light directly above my desk  and the reflected glare off the keys makes all the letters and numbers disappear.  Go for a black key or similar model 
1 After going through nearly 6 mouses (including several of the Microsoft mouses), I settled on this because its round contuour shape and large effective button area that extend very far back. It also works with my KVM switch, which is a key consideration. The buttons are a bit stiff but I expect them to "loosen" up a bit after some use. I highly recommend this mouse 
1 They are everything the other reviewers said they were, and I, too, can't wait until the printing is darker and in color!  Wish it didn't take so long to print and hope the darker images and color only require an upgrade 
1 I used two 12 foot cables with a coupler for a 24 foot PCM connection between my satellite receiver and my home theater system.  The Dolby 5.1 is excellent 
1 this is one of the best in its class for the low price. quick, and responsive, and very convenient for a frequent web browser. the back and forward buttons on it work like a charm and are perfect for the web 
1 Replaced my old 22" Cinema Display that was 5 years old. What a difference. Clear screen, flawless finish, solid and adjustable stand. Easy hook-up, it took longer to clean the dust off my computer than hook this up! 
1 I got this monitor along with a keyboard. When I get home I plug my laptop into both and I have a huge screen to do my work on. The colors are terrific, the mouse works seamlessly across the laptop screen and the big auxilliary screen. Wish I had done this a long time ago 
1 Just remember to use the proper cable, Cat 5e or Cat 6 
1 Like so many other small home office users, I have recently upgraded my network to 1000mpbs to help increase productivity.  Unfortunately, I originally purchased a GigE 8 port switch from another mfg. that used a fan on their switch, a VERY noisy fan.  After a month of listening to what sounded like an airplane engine, I tossed that unit and purchased this 8port Netgear GigE unit.  It is SILENT.  Basically a plug and play item due to its unmanaged nature, I have had good data thru put and no problem.  It comes with a small clip on stand for vertical storage if desired.  The unit is finished in an attractive gray and chrome exterior.  It is also small enough to live on a desktop with sucking up valuable real estate.So, if you are looking for a switch that will not be stored remotely in some closet, this is the one that will keep the peace in your office. A+ **** 
1 I have this radio for two weeks now.  I am very satisfied with the reception of AM, FM and Short Wave -- very sensitive.  Has great sound.  The only negative is the lack of being able to preset the stations.  Would buy the radio again - worth the money 
1 How can  you go wrong with a price so low. They're good for both parents and kids to use. Not to mention they're easy for young kids to operate! Keep in touch 
1      This card, using VIA's superb Envy24 HT chipset, is a huge improvement over my Realtek and VIA Envy24HT-S based cards.  Everything sounds better.       My old Audigy 2 platinum (which I think I shall melt) did better in 3D games, but only slightly. Since this card doesn't snap, crackle, and pop like the Creative cards do, I'll venture to say that it actually DOES make games better, since there are no weird noises distracting from the feel of the game.     PROS:* Very high audio sampling rates, allowing for incredibly good audio production; warm, rich, warm bass all the way up to crystal clear highs.* No crackling, popping, or hissing!  A real joy after pulling my hair out for years trying to figure out why Creative Labs cards keep doing this.* Well-maintained, solid drivers.* Supports EAX 2.0* Excellent ASIO support.     CONS:* No hardware support for DirectSound; however, if your machine is faster than about 1GHz, you probably won't notice the difference.  Benchmark your results on a machine made in the last three years and you'll find that no hardware DirectSound acceleration amounts to *less* than a 1% difference in speed.* Only supports up to EAX 2.0, due to Creative Labs refusing to license the technology.  Sound difference is minimal, though 
1 I'm using this Monster cable to connect my iPod to my receiver via an iPod dock and it works flawlessly.  Sound is crisp and clear.  Plus, it's a lot cheaper than getting the actual Monster iPod AV cable.  The length of the cable makes it convenient but not too cumbersome.  It's a great way to increase the functionality of your iPod 
1 Within about 12 seconds of opening the box I was listening to my IPOD on my home stereo.  Wires are well made.There may be cheaper options that work as well but these will last forever 
1 I ordered a pair of these online, a bit nervous as I wasn't ever able to hear them (I heard a pair of JBL SP6C's, the cheaper version, at Best Buy, and wasn't all that impressed, although it might have been the poor listening environment).  Anyway, the speakers arrived, we installed them (they look great and inconspicuous in our living room ceiling) and I'm quite impressed.  Note that we're using these for "whole-house" background music, not home theater, so my standards aren't as high as they would be in the HT case.  But for a 6.5" speaker, these put out a surprising amount of bass, and clear highs.  Right now we just have a cheap amplifier hooked up while we're shopping for a better one, and they still sound great.  These probably would be just fine for HT rear-speaker use (I wouldn't want any in-ceiling speaker for front or center HT use).Our home theater downstairs already has JBL speakers (studio series for the fronts and center, northridge for the rears) and I've been very happy with them.  I recommend these for those who need a great looking and decent sounding in-ceiling speaker without breaking the bank.  
1 Bought 2 of these to watch over my house while I am at work.  Setup is pretty easy, but be prepared to wait a minute after changed settings, many changes when you initial setup the camera require it to restart.  Camera's work great together and the free use of [...] to access the cameras is nice.  Setting up timers and sensor emails/ftp is pretty straight forward but will require a user to test and retest to get the settings just right.Pros: Price is good for a ip camera with tilt/pan.  viewnetcam.com feature is a great addition to the camera package.  Works great with similar model panasonic cameras.Cons: Multiple restarts while setting up or making changes(minor issue), limited online support/how-to's 
1 After reading all the connection problems with wireless IP cameras , I decided to purchase the wired ver. (BL-C10A panasonic). I was very pleased with the easy setup and dns service included for the camera . I currently use this camera in a cabin , so I can look in and see the temp. inside and look around. This is simpe remote monitoring , as hookup took less than 1.hr to get up and running. I do not use the emailing feature presently .Pros : simple to setup and get running over internet       price is reasonable       images are the best for a camera this cheap       using viewnet  (dns service) very easy  Cons : wired to the router        no included light leds (but at this price)       must use timer to reset ip camera (cheap house timer every 24hrs 
1 The product works well for my space and needs. One note to Amaazon. When you ship a $400 item, thats semi fragile, and the box shows up looking like it was used as a make shift soccer ball, how does the consumer deal with physical damage? The item is so massive to ship back, and most likey costly.I experimented with buying an expensive electronic online because the price was right. I was worried how the shipping would be handled, and sure enough, I was worried rightfully. The DVD tray catches everytime the tray comes in and goes out. The top of the receiver/dvd player had been slightly caved in. Even with all the packing Samsung supplied, it could not protect the product from the shipping company. It will be such a hassle to try and exchange this, that I am not sure if I will be purchasing something this expensive and fragile online again. Other than that, I have purchased smaller items, and less fragile from Amazon with no issues. I realize that the shipping damage canot be held on Amazon, as it is out of their control. I just don't think I will roll the dice on something like this in the future. Too bad, it would have been nice to say good buy to brick and mortar pressure salesmen 
1 Not quite as bright a conventional flashlight, but certainly bright enough. No battery feature can't be beat. Manufacturer claims it will stay on for a hour with a one minute wind. I've never left mine on that long, but I've only needed to wind it once in over a year. This is an excellent flashlight. I've bought several 
1 I was unsure of whether to purchase this product when I saw that my printer (HP Deskjet 712C) was not on the list put out by the manufacturer but after reading some others' reviews, I tried it anyway because the price was right.  It may look a little cheesy but it works.  I didn't even need the CD that comes with it in order to use the product.  I just plugged it in to my printer and then into my new Dell laptop and it worked.  I think I may have had to restart and add my printer but that was it.  Very good product 
1 Do you have an OLD printer you would like to tie to that NEW lap top?  I did and at first I didn't think it could be done but a little quick research on Amazon and I found this beauty.  The Sabrent cable is very well made and has the look of quality and ruggedness.  I just plugged it in and everything took off without a hitch.  (PC w/Windows XP 
1 Great picture, great price, superb & fast delivery by Amazon (via EGL trucking).No complaints except for a faint buzzing sound on the plasma TV. I have heard that all plasma's "buzz" a bit. This would not stop me from purchasing this TV again 
1 I was looking for a tv that offered bang for buck.  So I knew Samsung is the way to go.  Except my wife was not eager as I was, but soon after buying it The Planet Earth HD Discovery channel show was on.  Now I can not get my wife to stop talking about HD.  We love the TV not the best tv, but best for the price.  Nice design and easy to use 
1 I have had my Samsung for about three weeks now; no problems.  I am extremely hapy with the picture quality and the number of inputs.  We also bought the 42" plasma for my parents; we've been extremely happy with it as well.  In addition to the television, I am extrmemly happy with Amazon and the delivery process.  Everythin was handled very professionally.  The tv arrived within the timeframe and undamaged.  I will buy next tv through Amazon as well 
1 These speakers deliver a clear, crisp, and vibrant sound, with a richness expected of a higher-end speaker.  I would recommend these to anyone interested in a good-quality sound but keeping an eye on price 
1 After reading several reviews on this unit, we purchased it.  The majority of our equipment supported gigabit and so we decided it was time to "get in the game".  It took less then 15 minutes to install in our rack and change over to it.  All I can say is "wow"!  The performance is phenomenal.  We have had no issue with it since switching over and it just plain works.  I cannot believe that we can obtain that level of speed in network applications for the price we paid.  Highly recommended 
1 I bought this product mainly for my girlfriend to use on my computer. I find myself using it most of the time, now!  The mouse is great, lost of extra buttons on it (not that I need them, but it makes it a little more convenient in case I do.)  The Keyboard is great...lots of shortcut buttons right on the keyboard, making navigation VERY easy.  A couple of features on the keyboard I really like are the scroll whell on the left, the favorites buttons (all customizable, as are all the shortcut buttons on this keyboard) and the very comfortable hand rest.  I got this refurbished and it works like new!  I HIGHLY suggest this.  The only drawback is that it is a little bigger than I would have liked, but I don't mind it nearly as much as my girlfriend.  If that's not a problem, I highly suggest this product!! 
1 Not much to say here.  It works.  Easily adjustable with just your feet.  Feels good wearing socks 
1 This is a surprisingly good radio at this price. It is small, compact and yet very robust and quite heavy. It is nothing like the cheapie plastic radios one sees in the drug store. Here are three things I really liked about this product: 1) The AM/FM reception is outstanding. I am in a bad area with few stations and this model gets them in clean and clear. Listening to FM on my stereo headphones was a real pleasure. 2) The buttons and controls are easy to use and sensible in function. This is something Sangean seems to get very well. 3) The multi-level display lighting can be turned OFF, or up in 3 steps from dull to very bright. A few things I didn't like. The pilot light for "ON" is a like an intense blue laser and lights up the entire room at night. I had to put black electrical tape over it. The AUX input is a mini-jack instead of RCA connector. Minor inconvenience here. And finally, the cabinet is nice wood, but the finish is not as good as I think it could be. This radio is a pleasure to use and it sounds better than I expected for this price. It's a keeper 
1 I want the DVDs I'm making to last to as close to forever as possible, so I did a lot of research before deciding what DVDs to buy.  Verbatim came out as #1 for durability.  I chose the DVD-R format for maximum compatibility with various devices.  And I've only had a few errors after burning about 75 DVDs.Amazon's sale price for these was great.  If you're just looking for short-term backup media, I'm sure you can find cheaper, but these are a different class of DVDs 
1 With my new LCD television, the hook-up was a snap and what a difference with the new HDMI compatible up-scale DVD I installed.  The audio and visual difference for DVD and HD television programing is amazing with the cost at half the price at retail stores.  Very happy and highly recommended 
1 This works perfectly, and it is built very well.  My picture looks great and sound is also great 
1 Wonderful for those who type and work with computers alot--soft and comfortable!  I haven't had any problems with carpal tunnel since!  It didn't have a nasty smell as other reviewers stated.  A great buy; saves me a lot of pain 
1 This phone is clear and easy to use ...have had a couple and have not been disapointe 
1 This performs better than the unit offered at the Apple store at about 20% of the cost! Plus it has an indicator light and the folding plug is handy for travel. Good deal 
1 I had an old Palm m100 for the longest time and used it as an electronic replacement for a paper organizer. But it ate batteries and wasn't rechargeable, so when I got a newer computer without a serial port (and discovered it would cost a fairly decent sum for a serial-USB connector), I decided to upgrade. Thought it'd be cool to have something with mp3 playing capabilities as well, (I don't own an iPod or other small mp3 player) but I didn't need many features beyond an organizer (didn't need for e-mail, etc) and didn't want to spend much over $75. Pros: I like the Palm interface, very intuitive.Calendar & contacts work wellPlays mp3'sSyncs well with Outlook/computerPlugs in to recharge; all cords came with it.Easy to download new software (I recommend Blocks, it's similar to Tetris)Cons or caveats:Display: when viewing calendar in "full month" mode, I have trouble seeing any entries unless I view the screen at an angle. Not a deal-breaker, but a little odd. They probably improved this with newer (pricier) models, but you get what you pay for. I can read all other screens just fine.Haven't used it to display photos; I don't think I'd use this to do that--resolution isn't worth the effort.Expansion card: WARNING: WILL NOT READ ANY CARD OVER 1GB size! (I had purchased a 2GB card with the intent of putting mp3's on it and listening to them on the Zire. Wouldn't read it. Didn't realize this till I read the fine print. Fortunately, I have a camera which takes SD cards so I can use in the camera).Listening to mp3's: This really isn't gonna replace an iPod for features. They do say that listening to mp3's uses more battery than other functions. I would agree but then I've not used this for long periods of time as an mp3 player, so I can't really say. Functionally, mp3's play just fine with RealOne player. Sound quality is pretty good BUT I have noticed a "hiss" background noise when using earbud-style headphones; it's a lot less noticeable with "outside-the-ear" style headphones. Recommendation: outside-the-ear style headphones with an in-line (cord) volume control. If you're in a quiet environment, the lowest volume level on the RealOne player isn't all that soft. With non-volume-adjustment headphones, the lowest volume level (there's a slider bar on screen) was the loudest I wanted to hear. Headphones with a volume adjustment fixes that problem.Overall, it's been worth the $$ for me as a replacement for my former m100, and it works ok as an mp3 player, as long as you can recharge it on a regular basis 
1 This arm-band is surprisingly good.  I initially got it for my boyfriend for his iRiver, but I was afraid it wouldn't fit his arms since he's very muscular.  Surprisingly - it stretched enough and wasn't tight!  He loves it.  I thought there might be too much motion on mine when I run or use the eliptical, but no, it's fine 
1 This product is exactly as described and arrived very quickly... A+++++ seller!  Will definately buy from again 
1 This receiver puts out a lot of power. It also has a bit of weight to it. It comes with a microphone to automatically adjust it for optimal surround sound. The remote take some getting used to but it is great how you can hook up a DVD player, CD player, radio and many other devices. The display is nice. You really have to read the manual before you start plugging away. If you're a surround sound fan on a budget pick this up 
1 A couple years ago I got a projector for the "big screen effect", and decided to finally get my mini Advents out of storage for the surround sound. My OLD Pioneer receiver worked ok, but I decided it was time to upgrade. I have 30 year old Speaker Lab (build 'em yourself) speakers up front with the Advents in back.The only complaint I have with this unit is there is no way to connect a turn table (yes, I'm old). So I kept the Pioneer for dedicated service to the record player.I have my son hook everything up as he is taking networking in school. For him it's a breeze. I don't even look at the directions. I just say "here".Having said that; I think this thing is great! If you are my age and can go back 30 years to your first sound system, you paid a lot more to get a simple 200 watt system (WOW) for your records and cassettes. Ahh.... technology.I love this thing! I can understand that some folks want something better, but for 95% of us, this will be the last one you will ever need.Highly recommended.4 stars for the lack of LP connection. Otherwise.... 5 all the way 
1 I just got mine from Amazon (after a lengthly delay).  It is an awesome memory card.  It comes with the adapter so that you can use it in digital cameras.  I tested it on the camera and it worked great.  The real test was the compatibility with the SONY PSP.  No issues there.   The card worked flawlessly.  I've already used up 600 MB.....its a must buy!Plus, at $99.99, its much less than other retailers.   btw, i ordered it at $104.99, then contacted amazon about the price drop.  They credited the difference to me without any hassle and gave me the one-day shipping at no charge because of the delay.  Overall great service too. 
1 I use this 1GB card in my Sony Playstation Portable, and it is awesome!  The tranfer rate using the USB 2.0 cable to the PSP is very good, and I love having all that storage space for movies, music, and images.  I got the Ultra II because I had read that Sandisk outperformed Sony in speed tests, and I have to agree.  The tranfer rate seems much faster than with the 32MB Sony card that came with the PSP.  For an extra $5-$10 I got the Ultra II that has a warranty and better performance.  I think it is well worth it 
1 When compared to other 1st generation iPod Shuffle armbands, this one is just as good, if not better, and you can't beat the price.  Definitely worth every penny 
1 The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer.  I have used this ink for a couple of years now and don't recall it smudging on the pages I print.  The price on this product (compared to HP products) is fair, but I am able to print a 100 to 200 pages before running out of ink.  Of course, you will get more pages out of this cartridge if you print more color graphics than text 
1 good price.  Just not sure it is needed 
1 The first one I ordered worked for about four days and then stopped recognizing the USB devices I was plugging into it.  Although I had considered just getting a refund, Amazon was quick to replace the card with no hassles.  The replacement card has been working fine for a couple of months now.  The USB 2 is much faster than the original USB ports that were a part of my original computer and this particular card was a reasonable price 
1 I own the HP 475 and since it's slightly larger then the rest, the printer barely fits in the case. It does fit but it is very tight. I would not recommend this for the 475. Probably I shouldn't have bought this but I really liked the case 
1 This cable has worked fine for me with no problems.  I'm using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop 
1 Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky 
1 I wish Targus made the same bag just a few inches wider.  My Toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag.  However, it does fit and I was able to mount it between the two seats of our 2004 Toyota Sienna with no problems.  There's also ample room for cords and DVDs. I like how this bag doubles as a storage case and a way to mount it in the car for viewing.  All in all, a very nice product.  
1 There are some things I like about this, others I don't. Some people have written similar reviews, but I want to add my 2 cents. Hope this helps potential buyers.Likes:1. Small, easy to use2. Good sound quality3. Good storage capacity for those of us who don't have 10 million songs hanging out on our computers.4. Some people have complained that the Creative Media software is hard to understand. I disagree, I found it straightforward. You can even change the titles, artists, and genres of the songs on the software before it gets transferred to the player. Yes, I realize this can also be done in WMP, but sometimes you want to edit later, or you missed something earlier.5. Replaceable battery. If it dies, you can get another one, you don't have to send it in to the company.Dislikes:1. The shuffle mode is annoying. It doesn't go through the entire playlist on shuffle. Once a song is over, it goes right back onto the potential playlist, and can sometimes get played again fairly soon after it was first played, to the exclusion of the other items on the list. I want to hear all my songs at least once before I hear repeats.2. The Creative Media Center software doesn't install on Windows Vista.3. This is a hard drive player, so no running with it. That's okay though for people like me: I don't run. It also makes it cheaper than the IPod Nano, which is a flash player.4. The cable to recharge the battery is a usb cable that hooks directly into your computer. I don't like this because I'm not always around my computer, I don't lug it with me everywhere I go. However, there are ports you can buy (here on Amazon, even) that plug into the wall and have little usb ports, so that's handy.5. Not as many accessories as the IPod, but not that important.6. You can't view your photos while you are listening to music. Sometimes this sucks, but if you have a camera phone, or are in an actual conversation with someone, you probably won't be listening to your music anyway. 
1 The Creative Zen is outstanding. Took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible. I bought one for my wife as well and see loves it.  I did spend a little extra money for better earbuds. For the price that I paid -[...] for 8GB you can't go wrong 
1 I totally love this Cd Wallet- it is not too big and not too small. The construction of this piece is very sturdy. I've owned this for a while now and it still looks new. The color is a classic, the only problem I have with it is that the CD pockets are very flimsy other than that the exterior of this piece is unbelievable. I love it!!! I actually bought another one, oh another note do be careful because the if you don't handle the zipper with care it tends to get caught. But nothing major : 
1 The very first DVD player I bought was Sony's very first 5 Disc DVD changer back in 1998. It was an excellent player, but as the technology improved, it could no longer keep up. I upgraded to a single disc Sony which could handle DTS, and later to another single disc player which could handle progressive video. But I always missed the convenience of a 5 disc changer after having been spoiled by one at the start. At about one-third the price of that original DVD changer, this player has all the features of those previous upgrades and more while retaining the familiar functionality of my first player. It produces an excellent picture, has lots of tweakable settings, has more outputs, and is also very stylish looking.I do have a couple of nits, though. My original DVD changer had buttons on the remote which allowed me to jump directly to whichever disc I wanted. With this one, I have to press a Disc Skip button to cycle through all the discs until I reach the one I want. The front of the player does have direct access buttons, though. I wish I still had my old remote control as I'm sure it would work with this unit to restore that remote functionality.Second, the upscaling through HDMI produces a great image, but not really any better than leaving the image at 720x480p. In fact, upscaling will sometimes magnify some interlacing artifacts visible in the picture. It's also unfortunate that while connected through HDMI, progressive scan cannot be turned off. This shouldn't be an issue most of the time, but there are some video sources that might look better with it turned off. Progressive settings can only be changed on the unit itself and not through the remote, but they cannot be turned off when connected through HDMI. One last thing about the HDMI connection. There can sometimes be a noticeable audio sync issue when using HDMI connections and digital TVs. This is not a problem with the player, but with the way HDMI is currently implemented. This player has an audio-sync adjustment feature which should compensate for the problem. However, the audio-sync adjustment doesn't work if the player is connected to a receiver via its optical digital outputs. Since I need to have mine connected this way in order to enjoy 5.1 sound, the audio-sync adjustment feature is useless here. And that's a shame. By the way, there should be no audio-sync issues if the player is connected via component, s-video, or composite outputs.There's also a minor thing I've found about all my Sony DVD players that I haven't liked. They are unable to correctly display Time Remaining on certain discs, or more commonly on the special features (documentaries, etc.) on certain discs. I also have a cheapo Philips player which has no problems displaying Time Remaining on those things (even on the menu). It's an improvement I'd really like to see implemented on future players.Now, despite the complaints I've listed above, don't get me wrong. This is still an excellent player and I really love it. I happily recommend it to anyone considering purchasing it. It really is a great value and it performs very well in most instances, and I feel it's the best DVD player I've ever owned. It's just not quite perfect. In all likelihood, it's also the last DVD player I'll ever own as I'll probably be buying a BluRay or other HD player in a couple of years when that format war is over. But this is a great player to hold me over until then 
1 These headphones sound pretty good, but they aren't the best.  When running, the volume controller gets in the way and bounces.  It is also easy to change the volume which is annoying.  I also find the fact that the cord for the right side is longer than the other a little bit strange.  I realize it is done intentionally, but it does nothing for me.  Overall, for just listening at your desk or in your room, these are great headphones.  For running, I would recommend something else 
1 I needed a way to power my laptop, and my batteries for my camcorder, as well as my digital camera. This was done without a problem when my wife and I visited Slovakia. 
1 I installed this antenna in my Pawn Shop where we keep most of our electronics running all day. I could never get good reception with standard antennas and now this single antenna does the job better than any I have ever seen. Keep in mind that I have a full surveillance systen, alarm syster, phone system, 20 home stereos, a dozen or more computers and on and on. The Terk FM-50 has exceeded my expectations.  Thanks, Joel DBA Pawn-Plus 
1 Radio reception in my apartment is terrible.  I have purchased a few indoor antennas, even a different Terk model, but none of them helped very much. I had to move the antenna around to different areas for different stations, and my digital FM radio only received one digital channel.This unit, however, works great.  I get every station I want, and the digital FM works great.  The only thing I would mention is that the antenna casing is bulky, so if you're concerned about asthetics you'll have to figure out where you can conceal it.  Also, I didn't get any additional benefit from the amplifier, but the antenna worked so well that I didn't need it 
1 After reading several reviews on portable speakers, I decided to purchase the Sonic Impact i-F2 for my iPod.  It has great sound quality, the case is durable, it packs away easily and you can take it anywhere.  You can listen to music while its charging and the sounds system is quite attractive.  This is by far the best accessory I've purchased for my iPod.  Did I mention that it has a remote control!! 
1 Contrary to popular belief, I even had a good experience the one time I needed technical support. A few random disconnects, but overall a great product 
1 Remember back in the day when CDs first came out? I do: hi-fi shops and all my male relatives proudly did these demonstrations of scatching a cd, putting it into a player, PLAY &  *presto* the disc played.Well, either they were making bomb-proof players back thens or the laser never got to the scratched bit of the disc because I used to have piles of discs were handled carelessly and didn't play. Yes, you read correctly: I USED to have stacks of unplayable discs.If you don't read any further, you can stop at the end of this sentence: SKIP DR WORKS!Here's the short of it1. I have my own multination consulting firm2. I have worked with computer in the media and creative industries for over 20 years3. I dislike misleading reviews4. I dislike wasting my time looking for products that work5. I dislike being lied to & wasting my money and 6. I dislike people aggressively selling me stuff that they have little knowledge about & frankly doesn't work On top of that, I am impressed NEITHER by people that trash products that do work NOR people that work for certain manufacturers, create ghost profiles and trump up their employer's products.SKIP DOCTORS works. I own over 3,500 discs. Out of that number, I had countless discs -- from my beloved Trance Planet disc, a Jessye Norman classical and spirituals collection, stuff by Miles Davis, reams of and Nina Simone compilations to computer program discs, backups of various creative projects, rare SACDs (SuperAudio CDs) and stuff that got mangled at parties or  being dragged around the world before CreativeLabs and Ipod came on the scene -- that were ALL unreadable. I have seen the sprays, I have seen the wipes, I have seen the low grade sandpaper product, I have tried using BRASSO metal polish (a remedy recommended by a friend of mine from Venezuela -- and for little scratches actually works) and low-grade industrial solvent. HANDS DOWN, short of the industrial strength polishing machines (that handle 500 plus discs at a time and go from $1500 to over $5000), SKIP DR (and all its incarnations GAME DR / DVD DR / PHOTO DR) WORKS. Period.Why did I only rate the product '4 stars'?Simple: this review is about the mechanical version of the product. And I am lazy: mechanised means EFFORT. Will I buy the mechanised version?Definitely! The product is in my shopping basket will be ordered (when I finish writing this review to set the record straight! 
1 They say it's quiet, and it holds tons of data.  They were correct.  Fast access speed, easy installation, an overall fine product.  Have not used the feature that let's you back-up your entire drive, but we use it in our LAN for shared files, and it's comforting to know that we've got these files stored redundantly.  This box does just what it claims to do, the warranty of merchantability (from my old law class!). 
1 Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot of equipment 
1 The Edge 305 provides a wealth of knowledge, is easy to install, as well as use. I would love to have given it 5 stars (it deserves them), but one thing that does not work correctly, and really bugs me is the calories expended. It couldn't be more inaccurate if they tried to make it that way. The first day that I installed it, I took it for a quick 1 mile test ride. IT indicated that in that mile I burned 100+ calories. Wish it were true, but it is not. Unfortunetly the next day I was going to take it out on a 100 mile ride, but crashed as I started out and have not riden since (3 days). I wore the chest strap in the office today to test the calories burned further. After 2 hours it read 0 were burned. I just took it for a car ride of 7 miles. In those 7 miles DRIVEN IN A CAR, it indicates I burned nearly 600 calories, again I wish, but no way.Other than that flaw, whioh I hope they fix with a software update, I highly recommend this product, it all other ways it is great 
1 Buying from Amazon was cheapest price especially with free shipping.  Stepped up for more power per channel.  Stayed in the Sony family. (Previous Sony surround, output to center speaker quit)  Dislike the speaker hook ups in back, difficult to attach speaker wires and screw down connections.  Overall happy with purchase 
1 Very satisfied with sound quality and ease of use.  Before purchasing, I did believe that these were noise canceling.  However, that is not the case.  The foam inserts do reduce background noise enough that I am very satisfied with the result.  Replacement foam inserts must be purchased online 
1 According to other reviews, this radio compares favorably with others in its price class.As a ham radio operator I can say I am very happy with the E5.  It is the best portable Broadcast band radio I have ever had.It is the best portable Shortwave radio I have ever had.I was particularly interested in SSB capability.  It works well.I called about the noisy power supply and they are sending me the improved replacement.  I use 2100 mah Nimh batteries which I charge externally.  I have two sets.  The radio works well with these.I found that the internal antenna by itself, indoors, is not enough.  I used the included wire antenna with moderately good results.  But more convient is using the telescoping antenna.  This antenna works, according to the manual, for FM and SW only, but I found that extending it fully, is effective in all cases.  Ressults using this method were similar to the wire.Holding the radio and using the headset may also improve reception.Hams know that the antenna is a critical part of any receiver.  There are limits to what is possible in a package this size.  I have not tested it with a tuned outdoor antenna.For what it is, this is a great tool.  It is a convient size and easy to program and use.  It more than meets my expectations.[... 
1 I bought these for my dvd player.  They work wonderfully!  The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn't measure up}.  These monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies, especially the dialogue.  The old cables that I had made my movies sound a bit muffled.  But the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever.  For those of us who cannot afford 5 speaker digital surround sound, I would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or CDs 
1 The Belkin TuneTalk is fabuous for using an iPod as a digital recorder. I have had very good results recording various music rehearsals (children's choir to big band) with and without an external powered microphone (Sony ECM-MS908C stereo mic) attached. Since I already had the mic, the total cost was very low compared to purchasing something like a Zoom digital recorder for this type of recording. I haven't plugged it into a mixing board yet. I suspect it would produce an even better recording with a decent pair of mics through a Mackie 1202 or better.I bought a USB power adaptor so I wouldn't have to worry about battery drain. It plugs into the TuneTalk and provides power to the iPod.No, it isn't as good as a high dollar recorder, dedicated mic-pre's and a pair of Neumann mics. Serious recording requires serious equipment. However, for all those other recordings, the Tunetalk Stereo is a great recording option for about $60 and your trusty iPod. 
1 I lost my Monster Cable brand M to M cable for my ipod and looked for a different kind and ran across this one at half the price...plugged everything in and it works super-good sound quality and saved some bucks.  Hard to find these cables, so I highly recommend it 
1 I saw the small size of this case and was in love.  It has plenty of space for dvds and cords (though it wont hold large headphones unless they fold).  It is padded enough for protection but not too padded to be too bulky.  It's Great.  You wont regret it.  
1 Great Price! Cant compare it to the more expensive "monster cables" but i cant imagine it being worth paying 50 dollars more for pretty much the same components 
1 For its price and definately for its length, its an awesome alternative to it's $100 monster counterpart 
1 I purchased three of these for three Kodak easyshare camerasI gave as gifts. It was a great buy for much less than whatyou can get at any local stores 
1  GOOD SOUND AND COMFORTABLE FOR THE PRICE . LIKE THE FACT THAT THE CORD IS ON ONE SIDE AND DOES NOT GO AROUND YOU NECK  
1 The best at this price. Like the color and functions. Mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models. Life saver when trying to keep a busy life organized. Great optional backlight feature 
1 when i first got this mp3 and opened up the box i was surprised how small it is.  about the size of a piece of chewing gum.  i installed the program via the included cd and it worked right away with no problem what so ever.  this held all the music i had on my lap top with lots of room to spare.  the program is easy to use and downloading music to the player is fast and easy.  the sound is outstanding with the ear-bud headphones that are included.  the fm works well and the display is back-light and very easy to read. all of the players options are user friendly and do not require a lot of skill to use.  this is one piece of electronics that will not drive you mad with hard to use software or directions.  as an added bonus they included batteries.  this is one of my favorite gadgets and i would recommend the 1 gig for any user.  it is not expensive at all and really who needs more music than this holds 
1 I really needed a printer with a scanner so I could store my important files digitally.  This printer works great.. I would recommend to change to the lower resolution so it will operate faster.  It can scan color also but that takes a loooong time.  b&w has been sufficient for me; scans quickly for those.  printout quality is excellent 
1 Good product, great combination of screen protection along with a small flexable piece to cover the keypad. 
1 This is my second projector - I used an NEC for the last four years, but that died on me recently.  And, boy, am I glad it died - I am amazed by the quality of the AX100U - the pictures and colors almost  jump off the screen at you.  Also, the oft mentioned LDC projector 'screen door' effect is virtually non-existant - you have to stand almost next to the screen to notice it.  I believe Panny used some smoothening technology to achieve it.  The contrast is also truely outstanding for an LCD projector - at par with DLP systesm, but without the headaches of the rainbow effect.Couple of pointers which might be helpful to other users.  When I first started using the projector with my DVD player I was getting some wavy curls (not too visible, but still there) that seemed to flow across the screeen.  However, after about 4-5 hours of use, they have disappeared - so if any of you see those wavy curls, just give it a few hours and hopefully yours will disappear as well.Secondly, unlike my old NEC I was getting a flickering shimmer when using my HD box from my cable company.  The shimmer was just at the edge of teh picture.  There is an easy fix for this.  Go to options, overscan, and you can actually crop the edge of the image and  not see it any more...voila - no flickers and an incredible picture. Be aware that this is big, bulky projector compared to some others out there.  Definately not a portable one - you don't want to be lugging it home from work after presentations to see home pictures.  This was designed as a dedicated home theater projector, not a portable presentation device.  I highly recommend this projector - you've got to see the picture to believe it - I didn't think it was possible at this price range. 
1 I was very surprised at how well this sub articulates the low frequencies.  Hearing is believing.  It gives a certain amount of accuracy and tangibility to base tones that I simply was not able to obtain with a higher priced sub I had purchased.  For movies, it does a wonderful job of augmenting the atmosphere of scenes without being too boomy.  It really enhances music by bringing out lower notes and sounds that are not normally perceived with the use of most other subwoofers on the market.  I am not certain it can go as low as 27Hz since I have not measured, but I am not concerned with trying to disturb the neighbors or shake the walls.  I just wanted to obtain the most precies and best sounding system I could.  I was able to do so with the addition of this sub.  I am glad I found and tried it before paying much more for another sub I was considering.Yet I hate the fact that it is advertised as being a 250-watt sub.  Its Peak Dynamic Power is 250 watts.  But the amplifier it contains is a 150 watt amplifier.  Therefore, it is a 150-watt sub 
1 Pros: Very inexpensive, can play songs directly from a flash drive instead of an mp3 playerCons: Can't shuffle tracks or make a playlist if you use a flash driveOverall I'm very happy with this device. I live in a big city and had no trouble finding an FM station with little to no interference. I love being able to play tracks directly from a flash drive without having to bring my mp3 player with me in the car all the time. The sound quality is good, but not perfect. Similar to playing a cassette instead of a CD. For the low price, I can't complain, though 
1 I purchased this remote to replace a broken tv/dvd/vcr combo remote.  Before buying it I checked specs of several brands and types to see if they could be programmed for my combo.  This was the only one that definitely could. It has worked well...a couple features are not available but I expect that with any replacement control.  I've also programmed it to my bose radio and my dish network box and the controls have worked just fine.  Now my coffee table is a lot less cluttered 
1 I bought this card to be used with an IPAQ HW6945 it has enough capacity for GPS maps, programs and some music a 4 gb one would be great but it seems there is no 4gb card from Sandisk that is supported by the IPAQ. The reading / writing speed is ok too. Very good product for only 18 bucks 
1 I purchased this particular CB because of the front firing speaker.  The size is perfect for IN dash installations, and it is very user friendly.  After installation I tested it out to 8 miles which was more then I expected.  Overall I'm very pleased with the price and quality of this product 
1 ive owned a couple CB's and this is definitely one of the better ones (the only ones that are better are substancially more expensive).  works great and can be mounted in dash because of the front firing speaker.  tons of features including scanning and weather (which actually comes in very handy).  the only feature it lacks (and i wish it had) is the ability to hook up to a PA.  other than that its great 
1 Very very loud-enough to make you're ears ring (thats a good sign)Bass is very deep and the silver volume dots on one of the speakers are touch sensitive like the ipod-now thats cool.Great great desktop speakers, and they can hook up right to your ipod. Worth the money 
1 Well-made hard case that is virtually a necessity to protect the Tungsten E2 which comes with a flimsy, cheap flip case 
1 I have to say this mouse pad has far exceeded anything I hoped for. When I first opened the box it was shipped in I was very put off. There was a Very, Very strong chemical smell. I chalked it up to something in the packaging material. It turns out that was not where the smell was coming from. It was the mouse pad itself. Having worked in a shoe factory years ago I was able to identify the smell as an industrial glue. The smell hung around for a couple of days. Now, 1 week after having received my purchase if I put my nose close to the pad, it still carries the faint smell of industrial glue. I would caution those with allergies and/or asthma to consider this prior to purchase. As an asthmatic I can say it did affect my breathing some what. That seems to have gotten better as the smelled has lessened. I have finished with my public health warning. On to the mouse pad.      It is simply the best mouse pad I have ever used. I have had wrist problems for over 4 years now. I have had swelling and pain from my right pinkie finger to my elbow as a result of console gaming and lots of keyboarding work. In the past week my swelling has greatly reduced. My pain is almost gone. My wrist sits perfectly on  the wrist rest. The pad actually cradles my wrist. The wrist rest moves with my hand, so well and with so much support, it seems to be an extension of my body. A new improved appendage. I have found myself resting my wrist on the pad even while not computing but just sitting at my desk. It truly is that comfortable. I already have plans to purchase two more for friends as Christmas gifts. Worth Every Cent! Go For It! You Will Not Be Disappointed!  
1 Great Sound.  Fun colored lights.  Great Design.  Love this radio 
1 We love this tuner, and the kids have had funfinding out what key different sounds make.They change their voice, tap on things with pencils, etc. 
1 I bought this mouse for my fiancee about three months ago and she has not complained once. She uses it extensively in her office and reports that it is accurate, comfortable, and looks sharp 
1 One lvel up from the ES30VS, much more capable of the last generation the ES35VS is a versatile unit capable of handling all home recording needs and MOST professional needs as well, remote control is easier to use than the last generation, the addition of the DVI input gives it ease of recording from Camcorders with a clikc of a button, I am VERY happy with this uni 
1 It was easy to set up and use. Our remote was bad out of the box but Panasonic sent us a replacement.We were able to record tv programs right away and then transferred our old VHS over to DVD.It took a long time to transfer but it was worth watching the VHS tapes again to bring back memories. 
1 Does exactly what it's supposed to do.  I live 30 miles from the stations and have a good amount of tress surrounding my house, but I still receive all the network channels and their subchannels perfectly.  Easy to install, too 
1 I have this console for protection of master bedroom 40" LCD Samsung 1080p HDTV and Denon surrond sound 7.1 home theater system. I have been very pleased with the improved picture and sound. Before hooking up to this console, I had a slight wave going across the screen. It is now gone as is the slight buzz from the sound system.I also have 1-2 power outages every month from new construction in our area. The console has protected all of the equipment very well. Considering the price and free shipping through Amazon, I highly recommend this console 
1 My company purchased two of these phone a month or two back for office use.  Previously we had an AT&T - which I'll probably never own again after having a Panasonic.The phones have great voice quality - plus some nice features you don't always find, like the hold option, data port on the back, and a nice LCD screen displaying date, time, # missed calls, # messages, and in call timer.  I do wish, however, that the LCD was backlit.  Another great feature is the fact that it displays the associated caller ID stamp with the message that is playing - no more guessing who left the message when!The phones have been standing up beyond our expectations - and I plan on buying Panasonic phones our next time around 
1 It's a good quality notebook bag that can fit 17" laptops/notebooks easily. Balances well on your shoulder (unlike some bags that rest lopsided). Good, strong stitch. It can get heavy, but then again you're carrying around a 17" laptop 
1 I needed extra space for pictures and musis downloads this was just right not too expensive and large enought to fit the purpose 
1 I gave a detailed review of the base system, but the handset merits comments separately.  I have purchased handsets for every room in the house, and because I don't like using the clip to carry it with me everywhere, I use them.  They're easily customizable through the PC interface, although they can be customized without it as well.  Each handset gets its out name, so transferring calls or paging a handset is simple.  (No more trying to remember which room has the "fifth" handset.)  I've been impressed with both the battery life and the range of each handset; I've read reviews that criticized the range or sound quality, but I've had no trouble with either despite a few different usage scenarios.  If you're shopping for one of these, then you've already got the base unit or are considering purchasing it, so you know the quality to expect.  I think the Uniden CLX485 is the best residential phone system I've ever experienced; the handset lives up to that standard, too 
1 This antenna is one of the best indoor UHF antennas, but is designed for UHF only.  Many cities use both UHF & VHF for digital TV.  To see if UHF & VHF are used in your area, enter your address at www.antennaweb.org Then, look at the digtal channel Frequency assignments column.  If any channels are 2 thru 13, this antenna is not for you.Do NOT buy any knockoff antennas sold by TERK.  They are mostly junk. 
1 The mounting kit installed easily and is holding a pair of Bose 151 speakers.  It works well for what I need 
1 Excellent value for money. My razr is a fully functional mp3 player now! Thanks. : 
1 2GB SanDisk is awesome. I can store lots of files in my PDA and not worry about space. Also the price was very afordable 
1 A fast card which works as expected.You don't know the difference a fast card can make, unless you swap to a slower one. Even a slower camera/device will have improved performance with a faster card such as this one.Enjoy 
1 This memory card has not given us any trouble.  Very reliable product.  Highly recommend 
1 Plenty of room for our HPA612 printer and a friend bought the same one for her HPA617.  Pockets for extra paper.  Shoulder strap for even more ease in transporting the printer.  
1 When the room temperature hot and no one else wants the Air Conditioner turned on, this Desktop Air Conditioner cools just my 7 feet by 7 feet personal space.  It's heaven.  I wouldn't be without. This is my second order 
1 I really enjoyed this product and the fact that its simple to use!! It clips nicely onto my laptop or I can take it off, it comes with a little protective case, and the lens slides in to keep it unexposed when you're not using.  I really like it and all its features as well 
1 I bought these after buying TDK for the past 5 years and now only being able to get Memorex at a low price (I've had very bad experiences with Memorex CDRs in the past). These were surprisingly cheap as Verbatim is one of the highest quality blank media brands. Not surprisingly, the discs lived up to expectations on my Plextor-716A drive. I haven't tested a whole lot yet, but the ones I did test, burn flawlessly and when disc scans were run, there were no errors. You really can't go wrong with Verbatim. Just buy them 
1 I exchange audio letters with friends, and this stereo recorder was purchased after my Sony 100 DVS died and no replacement parts were available. The sound quality is perfectly fine, though it does not pick up ambient sounds nearly as well as the old high-end machine. It comes with a stereo microphone, but it would be great if the microphone were attached to the unit -- as it is, there is a long clip-on cord. This makes it tough to do "off-the-cuff" recording. Overall, a good value for the money. The other machine cost nearly $300. 
1 I bought this so I can transfer video from my Panasonic PV-GS300 camcorder to my PC.  Installation was easy and my computer was up and running in a matter of minutes.  The is a great value considering they include a 6-pin to 4-pin firewire cable too.  I highly recommend this product 
1 So this controller looked pretty sweet to me so I bought it over a rumble pad. I liked the idea of fans for wicking away sweat, as I tend to get pretty white knuckled on my controllers. I bought this controller specifically for Star Wars Battlefront 2 on PC, and it works like a dream. I also like the X-Box controller layout (offset anolog sticks and more ergonomic) than the PS2 style controller that is the Logitech Rumble pad. It also has better grips than a PS2 controller.The only things I think are bad about it are the following:1. It is not modeled on the large XBox controller, but rather the regular one, which is ok for most people, but I have big hands and I get a bit cramped up if I play for way too long.2. I was slightly dissapointed with the lack of custimization software available with this pad. I have a Saitek Cyborg EVO joystick that you can create custom profiles for every game you want to use it with then set that profile before launching the game. This isn't an issue with Battlefront 2 since it has a very excellent in game control configurator, but I could see where if a game didn't have as good an interface (or maybe older games) this pad could suffer in this regard.3. This isn't so much an issue for me, but I would assume that with a lot of game play and turning on and off of the fan, that the fan motor will likely die sooner than the pad will wear out. I don't care too much, because the fan is more a novelty to me than anything. I will still use it even if it does die.Overall, a great controller, I actually would give it a 4.5 rating, but that isn't an option here 
1  I needed a sub for my garage, and did not want to spend more than $200. Got it on sale for well under that. Since this was just for the garage, when tinkering with my bikes, I didn't want something too expensive, and didn't expect much from such a small sub. I was very pleasantly suprised by it's performance, This thing will rock when needed, and hits suprisingly low for a small sub in a very large space.  I first tried a Polk PSW10, since Polk products had never dissapointed me in the past. Well there is always a first time... The Yamaha smokes the Polk sub, I returned the Polk immediatly.  Of couse it doesn't compare with the Energy S12.3 I use in my main music system, but for 1/5 the cost, I never expected it to 
1 Maybe I'm bias because I really like Yamaha, maybe, because I have kinda' good ears or, it's the fat check sitting on my table  from Yamaha; but what ever it is I realllllllly like this sub-woofer. I looked around a long time for the right sub, and, I like to think I got a good one here. You want power? Ok, it's only 250 watts -not 1,000 watts like Velodyne, but in my room (30 by 18ish with a 25 foot ceiling) it ROCKS. I love music, all kinds; loud or quiet no matter I like both, but I do like depth more than volume. However, I believe if you are going to listen to something real loud, being able to feel the music is as important as being able to here it.And let me say you can FEEL music if you want to. one of the things I love most about this sub is it's range; it can (maybe) reach 20 hertz. 20 hertz! that is astounding.20Hz is the lowest frequency the human ear can hear, in fact it's starting into the range of sounds that are felt more than heard.Maybe I have good ears and maybe I don't, but to hear rich airy low-end, and, bass notes. yes! bass NOTES! bass is not one big boomy lump of noise, it's huge, open, grazing pasture of distinct sounds!In short, music sounds great, even hip-hop (which I don't like) sounds, well, better.Also, their is no need to turn the volume way up to hear a improvement; at very quiet levels too, you can hear good clean bass notes. But, if you do a lot of quite listening, we're talking back ground music levels: disable the auto-on feature and manually turn it on and off, because if you happen to be listening to something quiet, even if you still can here low notes from this, it does not seem to be enough signal to keep the auto-on, well... on. It improves movies as well, take something  with a lot of dynamics like, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" or, "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" there are a lot of sudden loud, and very low sounds in those movie's and the Yamaha handles it all with aplomb. With most of the controls are on the front set-up is and tweaking is made easy, and if you are wondering about the "BASS" button: if the button is in the "music" position you will have to turn the volume to a higher level to shake the termites out of the walls than if its set to the "movie" position (I think "music" is a flatter frequency response). As this review seems to be getting a bit long I'll some it up:yes, there are far better subwoofers out there (like from B&W), but I don't have the money for those, and if someone gave me a 1,000 watt Velodyne I would take it in a heartbeat- but, I wouldn't want to give this one up too.It's a absolute pleasure to listen to.Update: I have run some test tones on this subwoofer, and well, it can not reach 20Hz. 38Hz seems to be the limit for usable bass, although it is still audible to around 32Hz, 20Hz is a stretch.If 38Hz sounds to high: their are not many movie's or CD's that have any sounds below 35Hz. And very, very few have sound below 25Hz.Although it does not go as low as I would have hoped, it is still a good sub for the money, and still worth a five star review 
1 I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her HP Pavilion Notebook PC (DV5139US), screen size 15.4", ht 1.8", wdth 14.1", depth 10.4 ". The bag is for personal use, not business, and use will be moderate. She did want some extra compartments for organization. This case has met all her needs, it is light weight, constructed of durable material, well organized. Her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease. She is satisfied with this purchase. We would recommend purchasing this case. 
1 A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason to remove it anyway. 
1 I can verify again that this is indeed 16 gauge wire. This size works very well for small-medium satellite speakers. I am using this wire with a Samsung HT-Q80 HTIB. It's working wonderfully and I'm getting nice crisp sound. Unlike the other reviewer, my spool came fully intact. I would suggest this for anybody looking for good, cheaply priced 16 gauge speaker wire 
1 If you zoom in on the picture, you'll notice that it's actually 16 gauge wire.  I received it and can confirm that it's 16 gauge.  Wire works fine, although the spool that's held together by two bolts and nuts had one of the nuts missing.  It's not a big deal though, and my only disappointment was on my end when I realized 100' wasn't enough to hook up my 7 speakers 
1 The card is blistering fast.  I just wish it didn't take a performance hit in Vista.  It also has several other odd issues that I've become accustomed to when buying bleeding edge technology.  (e.g. the official drivers released in February 2007 are missing several features in Windows Vista.  Like good TV-Out support, Hibernation support, proper Ntune support.  The March 2007 released Vista beta drivers seems to cause a lot of people to have video driver crashes during games.  Check Nvidia's message board for more info.)Once Nvidia straightens out their Vista drivers issues, this card will be golden.  As it is, the latest Beta drivers did improve performance... but it introduced some stability issues.Also, EVGA's 90-day Step-Up program will hopefully allow me to jump into the 8900 series that is rumored to be released late-April 2007.LASTLY... it puts off an odd digital whine in 3D games and when resizing windows.  I returned one (with green circuitboard) and got a new one form Amazon (black circuitboard) and it did the same thing.  Amazon reimbursed me the return shipping!  The digital whine isn't too bad, but its fairly annoying if you have your game sound really low.  I play with headphones, so I don't really care 
1 This is a great little machine and has so many uses.  I bought 2 of them and 2 days later came back to Amazon to buy some more for gifts and the price has doubled... what's with that?  Keep looking and you'll find this at a hot price again eventually 
1 Never having had any other headphones I don't really know how to compare these, but the speakers definetely work fine and I can identify different directions' sounds... but there is a small crackling in the background that won't go away and I can't find out why 
1 As headphones they work fine but the microphone falls off repeatedly and this appears to be the result of a bad design.  After the 10th time the Microphone failed entirely and refuses to work.  I've isolated the problem to the microphone itself.  As headphones they are fine but in you need a microphone you should look elsewhere.   
1 I received them OK none broken or cracked. This price beats Walmarts price and these cases are as good as any slim cases I have ever used. I like the translucent back better than the black ones at Staples 
1 In general, Lexar's USB drive does its job just as well as other USB drives; there isn't much of a difference except for the following:1) portability good: it has a convenient way of attaching to your keychainbad: this rubber holder only lasts for so long (in my case 6-8 months)2) it is extremely durable. This drive survived a full 30 minute (clothes) washer cycle. When I took it out of the washer, I thought all the data and the drive was gone for good. To my surprise (after letting it dry for a day) it worked just fine. This is amazing!I have also accidentally stepped on it while wearing shoes (not using all of my weight though) a few times on carpet and concrete; and still works fine.Finally, I have dropped this drive on a variety of surfaces and it's still fine.3) looks:good: it is very easy to see since it is bright redbad: it is fatter than other USB drives and it is bright red. The drive is pretty ugly.It maybe good to note however, that the drive's structure is probably a good reason as to why it has survived my abuse. The bright red color's advantage has already been mentioned above 
1 This is great.  It makes it easier for us all to listen to the music in the car 
1 Bueno esta Quemadora Dvd muy buena recomendable, para los usuarios que quieran vivir una experiencia unica, es la mejor que ha existido, gracias amazon por vender productos de vanguardi 
1 Before adding this antenna to my wireless router, I had unreliable connections.  Since adding it, I consistently get the high speed connection I'm paying for.  
1 I was a little worried about spending almost 70$ on this bag, but when I recieved it I was so impressed.  I really love this bag! Very well made!! The crocadile pattern is a lot more prominent than the picture shows, but I really like it. To be honest I shy away from croc patterns, but it really works with this bag! I have a 15.4 in. Gateway laptop and it fit perfectly in this bag 
1 This bag is just pefect! I purchased it for my Dell Inspiron 6400 and, although the fit was pretty snug, I am very pleased with the purchase. It is easy to carry and above everything else, is very stylish and professional. 
1 Excellent service, but I expected to see another model of the handbag. It looked different on the picture 
1 I have used this machine for a few months now, but have not made use of all possible features. However, this is what I can say:* basic copying, fax, scanning -- Excellent* scanning with character recognition -- Excellent but would prefer to have options ala OmniPage* duplex printing(printing on both sides) -- Very Good, except the menu digging is ackward* build quality and overall performace -- Excellent, prints fast, few jams, feels very sturdy* ease of use -- very good and straight forward* features -- Excellent, loaded with capabilitiesThis machine is beautiful and no other machine I have used comes close, save for high end office machines costing $thousands. I can't get over how happy I am with this one, I've been waiting for a quality MFC since before they came out, and finally I am satisfied. Highly recommended 
1 A great addition to the iH5 radio!  You could do without it, but being able to adjust volume from across my apartment is a great feature 
1 I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks 
1 We've only had ours a week and I wish we'd bought it sooner.  The photos are sharp and every bit as good as commercially printed ones.  I like it that they are dry and can be handled right away unlike my big HP printer's photos which stay sticky for some time.Having this gives such freedom to print and print photos to enclose in letters, to use in scrapbooking, and to frame for your home or for gifts.  Really convenient and takes very little space on the desktop 
1 I'm a college kid, recreational audiophile and bass fanatic, studying engineering.  I started off building a custom sub encloser with dual Kicker CompVR 12" subs driven by a 1200W Sony amp. I haven't stopped searching for great sound since.I'm running a pair of these off an H/K AVR240, combined with a JBL EC35 center, a JBL S120PII 400w sub, and two sets of E30 surrounds.I'm big on trying anything before I buy it.  I was able to listen to these and the E80s (the dual 6" floorstandings) at a local audio store before they were discontinued.  I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics. With the JBLs at a fraction of the price here on Amazon, it was no question.  The only issue was what model to get...I heard very little difference in qualtiy between the E60s and E80s.  The dual 6" put out a bit lower frequencies, but the difference was so small that I wouldn't be able to notice without the speakers side by side.  Living in a small college apartment the E90s and E100s were beautiful, but a bit overkill for what I needed.  I deceided on these over the E60s with the hopes that a single 8" would draw less from my amp than the dual 6" for a bit less money.Beautiful home theater and music speaker...crisp highs, defined mids, and respectable bass.  They are a bit top heavy, as any tower will be.  and I love extremely low, loud bass, and as such, I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub.Movies sound great:Saving Private Ryan, Fifth Element, 40 year old virgin, Anchorman, etc... etc...Music is also fantastic (with different amp settings tuned for genre):Ambient, electronica, hip-hop, rap, jazz, 80s, classical, rock.Ulrich Schnauss, Bonobo, DJ Shadow, Busta, Snoop, E40, Louis Armstrong, Michael Jackson, Bach, Korn, Metallica, Hoobastank, 311.If you're looking for a quality tower speaker... this is it.Bass fanatics, look at the S120PII.  you won't regret it.~shakas~  
1 Like the name suggests, the m-audio audiophile 2496 is for true audiophiles.  I have had this card for years and there still is few options that are on par with this card for the same money.  The audiophile has a full dynamic range of crisp audio with little distortion.  I connect my sound card via digital coaxial cable to my Harman Kardon avr 240 and the sound is amazingly clear.  The one drawback to this card is it may be difficult for some to learn to use at first.  However, when quality is essential go with the Audiophile 2496.  
1 I have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in NYC (my home town) and traveling on business across the US.A place for everything and everything in its place.First this thing has 3 major compartments and a 4th 'open' compartment; A padded laptop compartment large enough for a Mac 17" with enough room left over of books or magazines. The second compartment has an internal file folder compression panel, that keeps your paperwork flat, orderly and compressed against your body(If you ever had the paper clip come off of a 40 page document in your backpack you know how great this feature is). The final main compartment contains an integrated open-top mesh bag for your power brick and other miscellaneous computer gear. Again this has been designed to keep the weight compressed and close to your body. Each compartment has plenty of extra room beyond its required purpose. The forth 'open' compartment is stiff outer panel with a compression draw strings around the sides in which you can stuff: your book, newspaper, umbrella, rain jacket, lunch, magazine, camera, iPod or anything you need to securely stash away and retrieve at a moments notice while on the go. A great feature! Finally this rig is fitted out with no less than 5  additional zippered pockets and 4 pockets-inside-of-pockets AND: a separate gear bag, as well as a CD-ROM sleeve and a removable cell phone pocket on the shoulder strap.The styling is professional enough of serious meetings. You can also carry the bag to the side with its well padded handle. This is key in elevators and subways.All and all you can load this down for a 3 day road trip and it still feels solid and balanced on your back. Final notes: - Zippers are high quality with big rubber grips- The black & grey color scheme will not show dirt and wear.- Fits snug under airline seats- Good padding on shoulders and back panel.- Did I mention all the pockets?Any down side?Having this bag becomes an exercise in self control for pack-rats. When full this bag is BIG. But if you don't mind looking looking geeky and knocking people over when you turn around fill it up and your good to go. Other wise just limit your stuff. 
1 The only reason I didn't give this item 5 stars is because I have only taken it on the road once, so as of yet I can't call it a worthy 'road warrior.' However, it is certainly a great case. Proportioned well and good design, with space for essentials. Would recommend for anyone looking for a good case for their 17" widescreen notebook 
1 I bought this for my husbands birthday.  He was very excited.  He had been looking at bags at a local store and hadn't found anything as nice as this, especially for the price.  Plenty of room for his laptop and pens, notebooks, extra books, etc.  Very durable, highly recommend 
1 I love the JLab MiniBlaster because no matter where I go I can have my favorite music with me.  The sound is clear and I found this product easy to use. I will be giving several of these for holiday gifts and birthday presents to friends and relatives, young and old.  The delivery was prompt, and I appreciated the friendly customer service in response to my questions 
1 The cable set that comes in this item is what ought to have been included in the Airport Express.  This comes with a 2 meter RCA-ministereo, a 2 meter Optical-ministereo, and a 6ft power cable.  I found that both the RCA and Optical cables worked flawlessly with my receiver.  I wish that the power cable was a little longer and I would've liked to have received a white ethernet cable to complete this set.  The installation of any of these cable went very easily with the on caveat that you must ensure to remove the covers on the optical cable which may not be obvious to some 
1 My engineering classes don't allow for the TI-83,86,89.  So I needed a calculator that allowed for matrix reduction, basic vector manipulation, and single variable integration for my engineering class.  The matrix reduction capabilities has been a major time saver especially on tests, particularly for solving systems of linear equations especially in my Statics, Dynamics, and Strength of Materials Class.  The "2-Line Natural Textbook Display" prevents me from getting lost in a calculation with multiple parenthetically nested expressions and is a must have.  The "scrolling" ability to grab values from previous calculations saves time and preserves accuracy, very nice.  The only thing preventing a 5 star rating is that I thought the exterior design make is awkward to use at times, but that is because I'm used to square calculators.  Also I would have like this model offered in black 
1 It is a good universal remote control, I had several but this is the only one that could realy controles my TV wel 
1 Theis is a small manuverable mouse.  I especially like it for playing games since it is very quick. I had one before and I would buy another if this one quits 
1 I lost my original stylus (left it at a restaurant).  This replacement pack of styli are just like my original.  I have none of the problems the other reviewer had.  My stylus fits perfectly, and the telescoping top is just like my original.  This is a great replacement 
1 I've used the SD-YD250 hundreds of times over the last 2 years and it still shows no significant signs of wear. Overall, the product is a five star because of its reliability and labor-saving convenience. I've used it equally for baking bread and making pizza dough. It can also save a lot of money, provided you purchase the yeast in bulk (for example 2lb). The single use yeast packages which are typically the only buying option at American supermarkets cost 20 times more per gram. Particularly great savings are possible when using it to make pizza dough. This takes the tedious work out of making your own pizza, and when the dough is refrigerated for later use, it tastes even better in my opinion.Like most engineered products of our age, this one is full of cute features that add little value, or cause annoyance.The yeast dispenser makes a marginal difference at best. If you use it, you (for the most part) create extra work for yourself because you'll have to clean it later. The dozens of different bake modes make the product more complicated to use. They make a marginal difference in baking results. I only use the quick bake mode, which takes 2 hours to complete. Let's say you make a mistake and start the unit using the wrong settings (easy to do given the many parameters you can set). You just push the reset or cancel button and start over, right? Nope, no such button exists. Then unplug the unit and plug it back in, right? Nope, the engineers decided it would be a cute feature to protect against power outages, so the unit remembers where it left off. Yes, but the instruction manual states that you can wait 10 minutes, and after 10 minutes it will forget, right? Nope, I tried this, too. The unit does indeed forget eventually, but it's more than 11 minutes. If you plug it back too early, the timer resets and you have to wait again.To summarize, the hardware is excellent, and the software that controls it could hardly be dumber 
1 This carry case is great. It would be even greater if it had a carry strap 
1 OEM charger failed. Replaced with this one -- it's more compact & functions well 
1 This product works great for my ibook G4 screen and also for cleaning off most smudges on the case, although it seems like I'm constantly getting new smudges on the screen.  Don't expect it to get off the spots that build up on keyboard over time, though.  Mr. Clean Magic Eraser works well for that ... but only if you make sure to thoroughly squeeze the water out before use on your computer.  Otherwise it may get in and ruin your keyboard 
1 My 2 year old saw this in BJs and kept asking for it, so Santa brought it for him for Christmas. I think it's a good first guitar. He loves to strum it, but he definitely needs to be supervised to teach him to respect that it is a special musical instrument, not a toy. So far he has sat on it and used it as a drum and it's held up fine, but I don't think it would hold up with such continued abuse. It is recommended for children much older than he is, so I can't expect anything different. I do wish they made a smaller version of it so it would be more comfortable for him. For a better price than I see at Amazon, you can get a small Hohner guitar at a music store, which might be better quality, I'm not sure. Regardless, I am very happy with this guitar and I would recommend it for any child who shows a real interest in music. I would not buy it for a child just as a toy, unless you don't mind it being destroyed. I am planning to buy the guitar strap and will review that when I get it 
1 I have both the 4 port and 2 port versions of these and they seem to work well with my Dell Optiplex 260 running Windows XP. My PowerEdge 500sc, 1400, and 1800 tend to lose the mouse and keyboard and have to be rebooted, but this may be a function of running Windows 2003 R2 on them. Also, the 1800 has a Promise SATA card which locks up with USB in general making this switch a problem (I had to go back to the PS2 KVM).  But with XP machines it seems fine 
1 The connectpro USB KVM Switch costs a few dollars more but it really works the first time with no hassles.  I've been forced to use cheaper KVM switches at work and Windows XP never seems to play nice with them.  I use this one at home with two Linux machines and a desktop and laptop running Windows XP.  The switch worked the first time I connected everything together and has worked glitch free ever since 
1 Works just as expected.  Switches quickly among two desktop machines and a laptop (all running WinXP).  Each machine takes &lt; 1 min to recognize, same as when plugging in any new USB device.  Very durable cables.  Was concerned about using wireless keyboard/mouse, but works great with the Microsoft Wireless Desktop, including the multimedia function keys.  Version of the switch that I received is black, not white as pictured 
1 speakers give good sound quality and are small and unnoticeable at a good price all the things I was looking for in speake 
1 I bought this switch last week. The installation was as easy as plug n play. No major problems so far. This switch is worth its price 
1 I have bought this for about 8pp in my office for their Black and White desktop printer.  So far NOT ONE problem.  The toner is long-lasting and affordable.  Great quality- small desktop footprint.  Does a great job with envelopes, labels and even light cardstock.I would highly reccommend to anyone 
1 This Eton radio is the U.S. domestic version of the Chinese Tecsun PL-550 all-band pocket sized radio. The Chinese version is legended in the native language and utilitarian in appearance and less expensive. The Eton is, well, in English with slight curves. I have used and tested other Tecsun produced radios, including the PL-200 (Eton 10) and the Grundig eTraveller VII. This radio, like the other Tecsun models, has excellent frequency discrimination, as well as the ability to directly enter the frequency desired (if you know it), or scan through the AM, FM and many shortwave bands, find the stations you like and store their frequencies. Closely allied, for example, FM stations within 200 kHz (only the strongest will be heard on most commercial FM receivers) of each other, can be picked up with clarity, positioning the manuverable whip antenna. Very, very few radios, excepting expensive car radios, can boast such performance in the Unites States.  Now on the market are other comparable radios, all made by Tecsun in China using the very same sophisicated reception circuitry regelated previously to expensive shortwave receivers.  This model has other features as well:  two preset wake-up times for programs from preselected stations, scanning of all bands for stations and an antenna trimmer which permits optimizing reception on weakly received broadcasts, some 500 station memories and special reception selectivity for shortwave stations whose frequencies are almost overlapping.  For the price, this radio is simply an excellent value, but people wishing to receive shortwave broadcasts are warned:  shortwave reception from this radio, and every other shortwave radio for that matter, of stations other than the powerful broadcasters, benefits enormously from the use of an external long wire antenna.  Tecsun does provide a retractable wire antenna with the radio.  Alas, as with almost all radios this size, there is no single side band (SSB) reception, an enhancement that, defying digital technology, actually requires listener intervention to optimize and has great potential, but has, for the present at least, been consigned to the province of the technical listener more interested in ascertaining distant reception than actual broadcast information. The Dalai Lama for all his 5,000 watts SSB from Tibet can not be heard on this radio. China Radio shortwave, at 150,000 watts conventiona AM shortwave, with Canadian relay stations, does just fine. Australian radio, at the same power, Radio Havana, Radio Serbia, Croatia, Russia, Netherlands, Sweden, India, Israel, etc., at lesser power, and some with and most without relay stations, are also heard clearly on the Eastern seaboard during their times of broadcast - usually in the early evening EST 
1 I've had my E-10 for around nine months and have been most impressed by it's performance. My interests in radio pretty much revolve around A.M.(or medium wave) DX'ing and shortwave listening. It's performance on A.M. is on a par with the highly regarded Kaito KA-1103 which I received for Christmas this year. Shortwave performance is very close, however, the Kaito is superior in this area (and features SSB tuning as well)F.M.? The E-10 is well above average but falls short of the Kaito KA-1103. I've yet to see a radio that can equal the Kaitos performance in this area, but the E-10 is closer than most.Build quality,ergonomics,and appearance are second to NONE and better than MOST. The slightly rubberized texture of this set just plain feels good when handling and adds to the to the overall impression that this is a "Top of the line" portable multi band receiver even though it's moderately priced.It's LCD digital display is one of the largest and nicest I've seen,very easy to see and well lit with a pleasant orange backlight. Other amenities such as 500 plus memories,12/24 hour clock,I.F. shift and antennae trim which are both useful in Shortwave reception,local/dx switch and the internal battery charger for NICAD or NIMH batteries all add up to make this a radio I'm glad I purchased and often recommend to those needing a radio of this type.Even the accessories included with this radio such as the carrying satchel,earbuds,and reel-up shortwave antennae are top notch! Now, if you're wondering why, after all this praise I only gave it a four star rating,and not a five it's because Eton did not provide SSB tuning capability on this receiver. And it's a shame because it's shortwave performance is good enough to utilize it. In my opinion they shortchanged this otherwise exceptional radio. Hence they only "hit a triple"(which is way more exciting nonetheless, I'm a baseball nut too) and not a home run 
1 I only have a couple of problems with this remote. You have to keep pressing the buttons for dvd, vcr, audio, sat, etc. to change the setting. That sounds like I'm complaining a lot, and I am. (sue me. ha ha) The other is this. I bought this as a replacement for a remote that quit working. I can't teach it the functions that I need through the "learn" command since the orginal remote quit. Which kind of defeats the purpose of having a new remote. I have one of those all in in one home theater units and the remote wouldn't allow me to set the VCR clock and local channels after a power outage. Other than that, I have no problem with it 
1 My husband and father both have this unit. It's really handy to have on road trips and to use while Geocaching. From our experience, it does take a while to download map information onto the unit, and a color screen would be nice, but for $200, I think it's a good value 
1 Actually, I loved the Philips Acoustic Edge, an earlier and internal sound card, but it did not like my older dual-processor system.  Because of that I was a bit skittish about using their current internal card with a processor that uses hyper-threading - which Windows treats as dual processors.  I bought the Aurelium instead.  I love this thing!  I am a bit of an audiophile, and this sound card is just perfect.  With my Klipsch computer speakers, it makes a perfect combination 
1 A nice little radio. Good sound for the price. I like the easy-to-read station indicator. 
1 I love this item.  We bought 2 cases for our sons before we left for vacation.  It can hang from the seats but they just held them on their lap or layed it on the couch in the van.  The boys arranged everything in the case so the battery even fits in it.  I was glad about that.  I'd recommend this item. 
1 The case was very well made and sturdy. Unfortunatly it was too small for my sony 7 in DVD portable player. Returning it to amazon was quick and easy. I wish it would have fit. 
1 I just recently bought a sub-woofer and I spent a good deal of time searching for an interconnect. The interconnects I looked at ranged from ridiculously over-priced to questionably cheap. I knew I wanted it to be THX certified and of a length that would allow me some freedom of sub-woofer placement. This interconnect provided both at a very reasonable price. I must say after installing my subwoofer that this cable was a perfect choice. Some might say that the cost reflects a cables ability to provide good sound. Wrong. This is just as good as those 70 dollar interconnects. I do buy monster cable for most of my home theatre needs, but I do not buy into some of the hype surrounding Monster cable and their more expensive cables. Why only 4 and not 5 stars. I did not like the way the cable was packaged. The cable was folded down the middle and now the center of the cable has a crook in it. I would have perfered it to be wound around a plastic spool to avoid folding of the cable. Getting past that, its a good interconnect that produces great sound. 
1 This is actually the second RCDW500C I have purchased.  The first is still working, but it has so many miles on it that I wanted to have a back-up ready when it is time to be replaced.  Sony electronics, in my experience, are some of the toughest in the business.  The old unit may last a lot longer.  I am on my third Sony TV in the last thirty five years; the second is still working for the person I finally gave it to.I am very comfortable with the technology of the RCDW500C.  Once learned, this unit is a dream to operate.  It is user friendly, displaying all of the info the user needs for optimum use.  If you have questioins, the manual is well written, and will usually enable the user to solve any problems.  Sony is a very reputable company.  In my humble opinion, Sony has been out in front of virtually all of their competitors for a long time.  Their products have always been a good investment for me. 
1 This is a great product for your mini.  The armband is well-constructed from a neoprene-type material (which doesn't slip when you're sweaty) with heavy-duty velcro all the way around, and the ipod holder is securly screwed onto it.  The rubberized skin keeps your iPod safe from sweat and provides some shock and scratch resistance.This isn't a super-cheap armband, but as they say, you (usually) get what you pay for.  This should last you for years of gymming / running / biking 
1 very good product.. actually came with a bonus 8 cd sleeve to attach to a car visor for free. very happy with the produc 
1 I just received these and popped 'em in and I'm listening to MP3s on my PC.  At first, one of sides was really weak in volume.  In the process of testing the balance in my software, I accidentally cranked up the volume way to high for these guys, but that apparently did the trick.  Now both are equal, and sound good.  There is decent bass, but the highs are a bit soft.  A quick tweak to my equalizer, and they're great.  After reading several of the reviews on Amazon, I was a bit worried about the sound, but now that I have them I'm very happy.  They're a good price, and sooooo much better than the little ipod-like earbuds I've tried before.  Those never stayed in my ear, and the bass never made me happy.  Summary:These Jbuds stay in my ear, have good sound (not great, but I think good for $20), and have equal length cords from each ear 
1  I have just started with an Apple ipod nano product and was not impressed with the factory included ear buds at all. They didn't sound real good and didn't come supplied with the ear bud pads in the box so they would just fall out of your ears. What's the deal with that? Next came the old Sony MDR 027 head phones from the closet. The Sony's have the old adjustable head bar so no more falling out of the ears now. They worked o.k., I guess, but in comparison these JBuds sound MUCH better than either of the previous ones. I'm now listening at half volume compared to about three quarters before and all sounds fine. I'm hearing parts of the music not audible before with the other two models. Crisper highs, great mid range, and responsive lows. Set up was fast too, just find the correct size ear bud pads out of the three different sized pairs supplied and your off and running. The JBuds actually stay in your ear. Wow what a concept. They are also very comfortable due to the fact I forgot they were in and started talking on the phone before noticing. The cord is just the right length for setting the ipod on a desk while still allowing plenty of movement or attaching it to a pocket. If you think you have a little too much just wrap some up with a bread tie. Better too much than not enough. So back to the closet with the Sony.   I guess what it all boils down to is you could do a whole lot worse than these especially for a mere twenty bucks. I couldn't have made a better choice for the money and quality. You should do the same.  Another quick note. The shipping went great. Not too long at all and with standard USPS. Thanks Amazon 
1 It can transfer Flash drive & SD card to a car mp3 player. That's very nice. I love it.. 
1 Wonderful.  Holds all my songs, holds my books on tape so I can listen on the road.  Photos are large and sharp.  Very easy to use and easy to download. The dials are excelent, on-off and volume work flawlessly.  I have many products such as car adapter, speakers, external charger, and external microphone and all work great.  I highly recommend the unit.  I would never get less then 60 gigs, plenty of space for all of my needs.  On my recent trip to California this was the only thing I took for entertainment; never listened to a song twice 
1 This is my second one of this model, I burned up the first myself when we moved and I accidentially plugged the wrong transformer into it (too much voltage = smoke).  I found it easy to configure, set up WEP keys, MAC locked everything using the web-based interface.  It worked great with our LinkSys Media extender - we watch recorded tv from our Media Center pc on our plasma screen tv three rooms away using this device.  No problems whatsoever.  Hasn't slowed down my internet connection either.  I am buying another one today to serve the mobile computer lab at work.  
1 I've been in the newspaper business for many years, and I've always used recorders at governmental meetings, interviews, etc. -- much easier and faster than taking notes, and it allows me to focus more on my subject. Until now, I've never had a recorder that could pick up everything without a lot of background noise or without having to turn the tape over or replace it in the midst of the event. This little Sony is the perfect size, picks up everything without all that background noise and plays it back crystal clear. Additionally, it has a long battery life, and I never run out of room while I'm taping. I couldn't ask for more 
1 Out of the box and into the attic.  Followed the instructions and I'm receiving perfect signals for my 46" SONY HDTV set from Pensacola, FL (approx 20 miles) and Mobile, AL (approx 50 miles).  I did read the instructions and followed them, I believe the folks that aren't happy with this model didn't read and follow the instructions 
1 unlike most tech gadgets that are a little outdated, this product stands in nearly every aspect. The sleek, supreme design by F.A. Porsche makes this product appearance timeless, and its preformance is outstanding, more effective in this model than its smaller, slower (80Gb, 120 Gb) counterparts. The autostart is a little slow for me (its the USB model, not firewire, remeber), but is a totally acceptable feature for the price, design & performance cost-benefit equilibrium. Excellent purchase 
1 He estado disfrutando de este tv por alredeor de 5 dias, la imagen es muy buena, facil de instalar, lo unico que se deberia mejorar es el sonido.  
1 The GOOD: We plugged in our new LNS2651D on 3/7/7, about an hour northwest of Tampa Bay.  Right out of the box,with an old Rabbit Ear antenna, we received five HD broadcasts.  The picture is amazing in both color and clarity.  The BAD: We reset the sound coming directly from its speakers, but because of speaker location underneath/below the screen,it lacks sparkle, esp at low to med. volume. The UGLY:  Imagine sending your intelligent,pretty young daughter out on her first date, with shoveled-on make-up, and wearing a cheap black vinyl dress.  The "Piano Black" case on this tv is a nightmare!  It shows a rippled effect, which gets distracting and even more tacky when outside light shines (even lightly) on it.  I'm hoping after the R&D department who designed the case, is sent to Siberia, they redeem themselves by designing a Matte Finish slip- cover for this otherwise excellent TV 
1 Monster has always had the reputation to being the best in quality for their products... When you think of wires, you cannot help think of Monster Cable... I used this cable to connect my carputer to my factory head unit... Ran up the middle of the car, grouped with a VGA cable and multiple USB cables, there is no feedback at all.. i was worried the VGA feed may leak into this cable but monster did not let me down.. I highly recommend this product... but as others on here have stated.. little pricey... in the end 'you get what you pay for! 
1 I've had a GE and a Sony (CD543RM) kitchen under counter units.  I've also tested a few others in stores.  The Sony 543 model is superior to any other unit out their and the Sony 553 is superior to the Sony 543.  The 553 is worth the extra bucks for the better sound quality and AM/FM reception.  
1 I originally bought my daughter an iLive IBCD3816DT boombox for her birthday. The hiss was unbearable, so I took it back and purchased this product. Much better quality control and it docks perfectly with her 2GB ipod nano using the supplied insert. Very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone. It sounds great, looks good, and the controls are very intuitive. 
1 This is perfect (so far) and exactly what I needed.  I have been looking for a new keyboard to work with my desktop, which sits right next to mu Polycom Conference Phone.  I have been looking for something that was silent and took up less desktop space.  I work out of a home office when I am not on the road so I need something that works.  I spend a lot of time on the phone, so I want to be able to type without everyone on the call knowing it.  Perfect.  Setup took about 15 minutes with absolutely no hitches and no issues - the first time that has happened for me with a LogiTech prouct.  I had read these reviews and was prepared for a grueling install, but instead it happened so quickly I was right back to work fully functional.I use my HP Media Center as the base PC for my office and printers - the workhouse of my office, but I have a ThinkPad X60 Tablet in a docking station.  I connect from the Media Center to the ThinkPad using remote computing and it works like a champ new keyboard, mouse, keypad and all.This is a great keyboard, mouse, and numeric keypad combination.  We will see how long the batteries last, but so far so good. A+ 
1 I made the mistake to buy the Kensington laser pointer before this one. The Kensington is a good one, very well made, but it is slightly more expensive and lacks the mouse control. I to not know any cheaper model with mouse function. I can maybe prefer a bit the ergonomy of the Kensington, together with the very practical possibility to store the USB receiver inside the unit, but this is probably just my taste and the hiro is quite comfortable either and lighter. My kensington has the embarrassing feature that the laser pointer is interpreted as RETURN on some applications (Exporer on Windows and Opera on Mac OS, for instance). I do not know it that is a bug or if there is some reason for that. However the Hiro does not have this behaviour and that is another reason for which I prefer it.The wheel system of the Hiro presenter is very practical. Compared with my Kensington I found no difference in the quality of the laser: both do their job perfectly. The mouse control is simple and practlical and it will take a very short time to be confident with it. My unit worked perfectly wothout extra software on both Mac an PC. Overall I am extremely satisfied. On the minus side, the labels on the button on the side are printed with very poor colours. the "fn" label diapperared immediately after a few days of usage. A bit disappointing, but, after all, nothing really important. The unit also lacks programmable buttons, but I do not know any presenter with this feature. Bottomline. This presenter works well, it is not expensive, and the mouse control is a true must 
1 All of the PC to Stereo cbales I could find in the stores were only 6ft long.  Due to the furniture arrangement in my living room, I needed a longer cable to make the connection.  I was also worried about loss of sound quality over long distances.  The 20 ft Monster Cable took care of both those issues for me. The connections are solid and the sound quality is great.  It was well worth the money 
1 I bought this mouse about three months ago, and I love it.  It works on every surface, and the scroller works well too.  The only complaint I have is that the cord is rather short (about 2.5 feet long), and it plugs into the left-hand side of my laptop, which means that I only have about a foot to work with.  Although, I think that complaint can be shared equally with the Dell people for putting the USB port on the left (good deal for the left-handed population, I guess).  Some people have complained about the wind-up function for the cord getting tangled, but I haven't had any problems with that 
1 These phones are great.  Sound quality is very good, including the speaker phone option.  Phones have many handy features, and all features are intuitive to use.  No problem with the range.  Very easy to set up.  Battery life has proven to be no concern so far.  The phones feel comfortable in the hand.  I couldn't be happier 
1 This is the best photo printer I have seen.  I work at a print shop and it tops the very expensive printers that I use.  I am also a photograher and image and color quality is very important to me.  I get excellent results with this printer. 
1 Very pleased with the high capacity cartridge with my Epson Stylus CX6600.  "Compatibles" do not compare 
1 Nothing much to comment about on an ink cartridge...it works as it should.  If they could only reduce the cost of these things then I would be impressed 
1 As homeschoolers, we were in search for a laminator that could help us preserve the various documents we woul be using year in and year out.  The QuikFinish PLH4100 10" Laminator has done an exceptional job.  Easy to use, as my wife had it out of the box and using it within minutes 
1 THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT,"TOP OF THE LINE" NEVER GET LOST AGAIN NO MORE SPAT WITH YOUR FRIENDS, OR OTHERS. JUST GET THE MAGELLAN AND YOU ARE ON YOUR WAY. EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE ONE 
1 like the other guy, not much can be said. works. works well. end of story.  The only thing i would have liked to see was integration of sorts into a pci slot or something, to keep it within the case 
1 Item works perfectly fine.  A little slow on the shipping, so I suggest getting the faster shipping with the purchase of your item.  My experience could not have been better.  Excellent job thank you very much.  Great experience.  
1 After installing the card, I booted up my Windows XP and it locked up.  After rebooting again, however, the card worked fine and has continued to work fine.I've only had the card for two days, and so far I am very happy with it. Here's my setup: Windows XP Home Edition, Direct TV set-top box, and a standard cable from the set-top box into the card.  Since the set-top box is in the other room, I'm just using the set-top box remote to set it on the right channel.  A little tedious, but it's fine for recording a few shows.  I haven't tried the remote that came with the card (I assume it doesn't work through walls).The WinTV 2000 software is not very user friendly, but I haven't found any bugs in it yet.I chose not to install the software and drivers from the CD.  Instead, I downloaded all of the latest versions directly from the manufacturer's web site 
1 We got this phone about 3 years ago.  In the past month, the buttons have begun to be an issue.  You can press and press a button and maybe on the 3rd try, it works.  Finally go another phone.  As with all things today, it isn't made to last.  However, the price makes it less painful to have to buy another so soon 
1 I use this product with Tiki Navigator navigation s/w to connect my garmin gps 76 map to my laptop.  This product was recommended by Tiki Navigator to use because it was previously reviewed as performing perfectly, which it does.  It installs easily and with the blue led allows you to see if power is still connected.  Highly recommended 
1 I use this with a PC running on Windows XP Home Edition SP2 and it works marvels. Damn, I didn't even need to install the drivers that came with it. I just grabbed the USB cable, plugged it in and started making sequences on Sonar 4.No latency, nothing.I recommend this product for both PC and Mac users 
1 When I first got a wireless network at home I purchased a Kensington WIFI Finder.  It worked fine.  But as time went on I saw these smaller versions come out from Chrysalis Development.  I heard they were more powerful and more versatile.  So I bought one.  I was NOT disappointed.  Since it was about the same size as my keyless entry remote for my car, it fit perfectly on my keychain.  Also it has a much longer range than the others.  But best of all, it is directional.  Meaning I can simply turn my body while holding down the button and the LEDs change instantly as the signal strength increases or decreases.  What a great product. I Love it!  
1 This product work perfectly in the Epson printer! The quality of printing is great! 
1 With all the reviews about how easy the Nano scratches, I left the protective film on until I found the right case the next day at CC (they had just received them that day), sorry Amazon but the Nano did come from you.  Anyway the case is certainly up to the standard of the Nano itself.  It comes with a peel off protective strip that fits over the screen itself.  I have noticed the click wheel was a little slow to respond with the shipping film on it, but since when this case is open the click wheel is directly accessible, it works great.  It fits snugly in this case, yet is easy to remove though removal is not necessary to charge or update. The case has a felt inner lining which seems protect it and may provide some shock protection in case of falls. I have used it daily for 2 weeks with no scratches at all.  The belt clip is sturdy and secure.  The magnetic snap for closing it works great. The case can be closed with headphones attached, but of course to make adjustments it has to be opened which is easily done while on the belt clip as it unfolds to allow easy access. This case is as cool as the Nano itself and I would very highly recommend it. I hope Belkin makes the same case for the new IPOD 
1 I have been looking for a larger CF card for my Dell Axim x50v. the seagate CF drive does not work. finally, i got this working for this price. I think it's good. 
1 The Wireless Lavalier Microphone System is perfect for informational interviewing and personal media management. It provides a portable option to amplified audient properties and gives the user a greater degree of movement during presentations. It can be used as a binary system, (two separate microphone systems and a small amplifier are needed)to interview your favorite personality, take testimonials or to exchange opinions with local leaders. The Wireless Lavalier makes the idea addition to any media kit 
1 The best sound I've ever heard in a radio. I also own a Cambridge Soundworks 730 and a Bose Wave CD/Radio.Despite the fact that this is a mono radio, its sound is incredible accurate, warm and powerful. The bass is astounding and the highs crystal clear.I agree with a report I've read in CNET that states this is probably the best sounding radio ever made.  
1 This was my first GPS system of any kind.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  I have a small Mazda Miata so I wanted a small-screen GPS that did not overwhelm my small dashboard and this did not disappoint.  I was afraid that the screen would be too small, but it's perfect.  I don't think a bigger screen would do anything more than take up more space. I live in New York City and before putting it in my car I walked with the GPS unit in my hands.  Perhaps because of the tall buildings and the slow walking speed it took more than 30 minutes for it to initially receive a satellite signal.  I was convinced it was defective.  It's not.  Once I put  it on the dash of my car and began driving it acquired a satellite signal within a few minutes.This unit comes with a 128Mb Micro SDcard onto which you can load a few state maps at one time.  I ordered a 1Gb Micro SDcard along with this GPS (for approx. $11 on Amazon) and loaded ALL of North America at one time. This eliminates the need to re-load maps when traveling anywhere in the country. It's worth the extra effort. This unit can be quickly moved from one car to another, especially a rental car anywhere in North America.  My very first test of this thing was on the very complicated underpasses and overpasses in northern Manhattan and the Bronx.  It was flawless!  It's impossible to get lost with this thing.  Occasionally I've made a turn too early or too late and within seconds it will re-calculate the best route.  The combination of the voice prompts, the highlighted route you need to go, and the current and next street(s) at the top are excellent. Also, the estimated arrival time in the lower left is nice, but does not account for traffic jams.  The arrival time will just keep getting pushed back the slower you travel.  It's kind of a "best traffic scenario" prediction.This is so easy to use I'm thinking of buying one for my 68-year-old mother who doesn't have a clue when it comes to technology, but I'm convinced she could use this without a problem (once I've loaded the maps for her.)If not having bluetooth and all the other latest bells and whistles on a GPS system doesn't bother you (as it doesn't bother me) buy this, you won't be sorry! 
1 need to info customer that Optical sound cable is required for sound from PS2 console 
1 If your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy, like me, I would highly suggest this product. Sounds are crystal clear, and fiber optics is the next step up in technology. My first question for you would be, "how much do you invest in your gaming?". Once again, if your like me the answer is a lot. My next question would be "how important is your audio experience?" YOu dont know what your missing out on until you actually experience the difference. Very happy with this product 
1 I was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality (colour and clarity) over the standard playstation cable. Anyone with an S-Video input should consider making this simple upgrade 
1 Product performs per specifications and is easy to use.  Would like to see fuse easier to replace 
1 My high school is making us buy these calculators, and I want to say it is definately worth the price!  This thing works wonders, and it will do ANYTHING Math-realated that you want to do!!!!!!  I would strongly encourage you to buy this calculator.  It also comes with a great unit converter and the periodic table, so it's great for students like myself to use.  BUY THIS CALCULATOR!!!!!  You can also hook it up to your computer through a USB cable, so you can view your screen that is on the calculator, on your computer monitor, and you can back up and restore your RAM memory 
1 Received exactly what I ordered at a fair price 
1 My wife's grandmother (the person this was bought for) LOVES this phone..."it's easy to use with large buttons & friendly "controls".  I loved the price & ease of setup...  Answering machine is flawless & the handset gets great reception.  Perfect all around: 
1 Great item.  Picture great, sound great, connection choices great.One problem:  Being located about a foot away from an under-cabinet radio, the presence (shut off) of this TV produces an annoying ratteling sound in the radio.  To eliminate this sound you must unplug this TV from the power source! Or, optionally, move it at least three feet away, which in our case is not practical.Very curious! 
1 The EyeTV 2.x software is a bit rough around the edges (compared to Dish DVR and Tivo), but it's very usable and works great.  I bought this so I can watch the Maryland Terrapins at work (CBS MMOD blacks out local games) and it's great to be able to infinitely adjust the video window.  You can record the program and watch it at lunch or when you get a chance.  You will need a good antenna and I wish they provided one like Miglia.  But guess what, you can buy the Miglia magnetic antenna and it works better than many larger antennas from Radio Shack or Target.  The Miglia antenna comes apart and can go with you on travel.  Imagine watching local HDTV on the road without having to use the hotel cable.[...]Product Description:  Portable ATSC antenna for TVMini HD. This antenna is not suitable for analog products such as TVMicro and TVMax.It works with the Hybrid very nicely and only costs $15 US.  It took 4 weeks to arrive, but it's worth it and works much better than the two arial with loop antenna I got for 2x as much 
1 Radio Shack wanted $39.95 for a similar item so at $9.95 this was a steal - swr is good and performance is as much as I need for Corvette runs although it hears well and gives a good transmit signal for the small size far beyond what I need.  I did have to put a metal plate on the Vette (discreetly) as it wouldn't stick to the fiberglass.  Good produc 
1 The product shipped immediately, a new Dell AC Adapter from Cable4Less. I am extremely happy with the company and the charger's performance as I needed a second one so I would not have to keep plugging in and out my primary charger. I didn't think I could get such a good deal on a real Dell product 
1 Without a doubt this is the best product of its type, I looked at several others priced significantly higher, and after setting up the AM2 it was clear I had made the best choice 
1 I have a 40" Samsung LCD and wanted an arm that would both extend and also be able to hold 50 lbs or so.  This arm feels solid and does the job; the tv hasn't fallen yet.  One thing to be sure of is to check the size adapter plate you will need to connect the arm to your tv.  My arm came with a 200 x 100, but I needed a 200 x 200 plate and had to order it separately.  I would recommend this arm 
1 I did a bit of internet research for this, and a site devoted to luggage was RAVING about this. What can I say? They were right, and it is just an unbelievable value. I love it. I got it because I do alot of walking for my commute, had started a class that required me to do alot more to get there and the book was massive. My back was already complaining about what I was carrying around on a daily basis. I ordered it and it arrived in 2 days, My back was and is so grateful.It is tough! the sidewalks aren't in the best shape, and I'm always pulling it up and down over curbs and had a couple of days of ice and snow, and the wheels are scuffed up but still no worse for wear (although the little pad on the bottom for cushioning your hip if you wear it over your shoulder fell off, but why would I want to carry it like that anyway). Very well designed, with plenty of compartments, and padded computer sleeve is removeable. It maneuvers well, is light with a comfortable handle and strap (gel-like). I can grab it by the handle and walk up the metro stairs with no problem.A quality case for a great price 
1 I bought this bag as a replacement for another roller bag for my 17" laptop and was surprised at how compact the design is and how weight conscious it is.  The storage capacity and location for such things as chargers and cords in the space where the roller frame is makes this thinner than my previous bag.  I also appreciate the smaller zippered pocket on top for things like plane tickets and things that you need quick access to.  As an engineer, I must say the design is well worth the price and certainly is a practical way to carry a larger laptop 
1 I needed something to hold my iPod while I skateboard, and this works like a charm. Never moves an inch. Can get a litle uncomfortable if sweating a lot 
1 I use this when working around the house, in the yard and at the gym.  Stays in place very well and gives easy access to the control wheel of my IPOD.  Has stood up to more than a year of heavy use and is still doing well for me 
1 My mother-in-law had one of these that she uses to clean her sewing machine.I rebuild computers and thought how handy this would be and how much money I would save on air cans that are $5 ea. and I have bought a million of. I love this little vacuum attachment set, it works great and has a multitude of uses and has already saved me a bundle...Thanx Cyber-Guys!!!! YOU ROCK!! 
1 I use Print Works CD/DVD envelopes and was worried when I ordered this product that the envelopes wouldn't fit top-up which is important for me because I label the tops of my envelops to make looking through them easier. The envelopes are just a hair over 5" wide and they fit into these storage boxes perfectly. There is just enough room on either side to make flipping through the dvds easy. I ordered four of these and am glad I did. I keep them on a shelf side-by-seide and the make a perfect card-catalog-type filing systemfor all my dvds. I will most definately be ordering up more of these when I need more room; these boxes are great. If you use a 5" wide envelope, rest assured that these boxes are just the right size to fit all your dvds. 
1 Ordered 2 items...Ideastream CD Storage Boxes and Fellows CD Sleeves. which is obviously 2 different manufacturers. When ordering, I clicked on a combination option to order both. Needed 10 of each...the "10" only tranferred to 1 item, not both.  Was not noticed until transaction completed and received a verification.  Called customer service and found out there were two "customer Services" to deal with.  Could not change the order even though it was less than 5 minutes when I first called.   Customer Service is obviouly not in the US...had a communication problem and could not get a "supervisor" as no one was available for 2 hours.   ended up paying for 2 freight charges because we had to place a 2nd order to get the quantity needed.   Could not get any help...will look elsewhere before we place another order of that type.Items were exactly what was needed.    Amazon Customer Service was non-existant 
1 This product is a must have for your Shure earphones.  Once you use this with the earphones you will not want to use the headphones without, it just takes a little getting used to 
1 I agree with the prior review of these JBL E10s, however I'd go to the E20s for a small room main stereo set--better bass worth the slight price increase.  Bought for rear channel (RC) use, I find the E10s quite "airy", with what seems like a better high frequency response than the main E30s I just bought from A'.com (see my 5 Star review), giving extremely open and detailed "surround" RC performance.  NOTE: The specs listed on A'.com for the E10s state "Bi-wireable: Yes" BUT...unless JBL has just changed the terminals to do this that's wrong--mine have just a single terminal set, and DON'T BOTHER with the pricey speaker mounts offered as accessories (unless you plan ceiling installs) as they come with two "slide down" screw slots attached to the back for wall installation.  Surfing for the BEST PRICE, I bought mine refurbished from [...] for a LOW $53.00 bid plus $18.00 S+H directly from JBL and you may find the E30s/E20s from JBL as refurbs there as well.As RC speakers--ESPECIALLY at the price I got them--I recommend them highly, well deserving the 5 Star rating given 
1 I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was stealing my old shuffle back from my daughter.  I bought this shuffle for my husband and fell in instant love with it.  I really like how portable it is and you can't beat being able to just clip it onto your clothing.  No arm straps, no more lanyards.  So now I have the 60 gig for my entire library of music and videos and the shuffle for exercise 
1 The mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking. I use it with my Apple Mac G5. The optical tracking is great, no moving parts. The scroll wheel is indispensable for browsing the web and scrolling through documents. I just wish the software that comes with it would be more stable, less buggy. I had to uninstall it and use another mouse driver with more options, functions and less bugs 
1 My mom bought me the candlestick phone and it is great. My friends love it, too. It looks really cool and the ringtone it just like my grandmas old phone. I can hear everybody really clear and they have no problem hearing me. I am very happy with this phone 
1 I got mine for about 1 week ago to match with my MBP (silver theme). Someone mentioned about the light indications not showing as they should, or in the wrong way but mine works fine.CONS:- light indicator shows exactly which USB ports are in use. - Small in size- Has USB port on top which comes in handy.- Enough USB power- so far I didn't have to plug in the power charger yet. - Comes with a USB plugged light. - Comes with a extended USB cable (for you to connect the hub to your computer)- the USB plug is silver + transparent in color which looks kinda nice.PRONS:- it camed with some minor scratches on the hub's surface although I just took it out from its sealed package carefully. Those surface scratches aren't too noticeable. (Didn't want to return it and waste time & money). - as many have already mentioned, the USB cable is connected to the hub permanently. Other thoughts:- The USB cable connected the the hub is pretty thin. It'd be a good feature (look less noticeable) f you treat the cable nicely, but if you are harsh on the cable, it feels like it may break. Will be GREAT if this hub has firewire ports, but I'm very happy with this item 
1 I've owned this pocket pc for a week now with very little problems.  I don't know anything about an upgrade but so far I haven't had any major problems with it.  When I left it in the car and then came home it wouldn't turn on.  I noticed it was very warm but as soon as I did a soft reset the device turned on.  The soft reset doesn't make you lose all your data.  I just had to reset the date.  I've had to do this a couple of times so far.   I did purchase a 2 gig sd card and have lots of room.  I recommend that you shop around for the 2 gig memory card however because I bought mine from amazon and then I found it cheaper at best buy.I am really happy with this product. I love the way it looks.  It's easy to figure out and I'm not really savvy with electronic gadgets.  I did sign up for hotmail so I could use the msn features.  It was easy to sync my music to the device and the download is done automatically with the sync.  The music sounds great with a great pair of headphones. I use the calendar which helps to remind of events and appointments.  Also use the task button which reminds of stuff that needs to be done.  Great for the highly stressed out who tend to forget things. There is also a feature to write a note in your own handwriting and then the device turns it into typewritten words.  Really neat!I use the recording device to record my class lecture and it's a little hard to hear but there is a lot of noise in the classroom and I sit in the back and the teacher is up at the front.  But the important thing is that I could understand what was being said so i could transcribe it.  As a nursing student I was able to purchase and download nursing programs from a website with no problems and they run great.I just can't believe all the features that come with this pocket pc.  I have no regrets making this purchase.  I look forward to reading more reviews on this product and learning everything it can do.  So far it's been fun 
1 An outstanding platform for Windows mobile operating system.  Flawless syncing with home/office desktop.  Clear, high resolution screen is a joy compared to my previous Palm based PDA's.  Wireless functioning is reliable and seamless.  Ergonomics are excellent.  Good to above average batery life with power saver options.  Would highly recommend this product 
1 When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. The Epson matte black UltraChrome Hi-Gloss ink cartridge provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudging. It is important to me that my prints are of high quality, so I don't attempt to use the cheaper compatible ink cartridges. The color can be duplicated, but all inks are not created equal.  Third party options may produce a good print initially, but may not hold up or last as long.PROS:Provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudgingCONS:Pric 
1 This is the correct ink for my printer.  I do not buy lower priced substitutes.  It was great to find this on Amazon at a good price and eligible for free shipping.  I only wish Amazon stocked the complete set of inks for this printer which I purchased from them.  
1 It's a good phone, works well. I like the Caller ID & Function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone, makes them easier to see & use. It has good sound & a ring tone that doesn't jangle the nerves.The only problem I had with it is that the cord goes directly into the phone & one must use the cord that the phone comes with, rather than one already in use. I purchased an adapter so that I could plug it into an extension phone cord because we needed to put it some distance from the wall jack. Not a big deal in my book but one I didn't learn about until I got the phone.Overall I am pleased with it 
1 While these recorders are considered "old fashioned" by electronic geeks, they are very useful for those of us who just want to use the counters and go to specific areas of a tape.  Mine paid for itself in the first 5 minutes of a legal deposition when I jogged the momory of a forgetful witness with his own words on tape.  He still insisted he couldn't remember anything, but had to admit it was his voice and that he -- being the model of honesty and truth -- must have been trying to tell the truth when he spoke.  Very effective, these "old-fashioned" recorders.  
1 After 8 months of thinking, "these (foam inserts that came with my E3c's)will last forever" I broke down and ordered these replacements as the originals were getting quite dirty.   Whoa!  The new ones made me realize how much my originals had hardened.  My great sound and comfort was back - and the decay was so gradual I didn't even realize what I was missing!So, 5 stars for performance, but 3 stars for what amounts to some pretty expensive foam ear plugs.  Avg=4stars 
1 I needed to have an s-video feed from my classroom computer to a projector and to a TV/Monitor.   This proved to be the most cost-effective solution to the problem.  It works just as hoped 
1 This cable was just what I needed to connect my stereo to my computer's sound card across the room.  I've been converting old LPs to digital files, and having a well-built cable probably improved the sound quality considerably.  Amazon's price was unbeatable too 
1 Opened the enclosure, plugged in my hard drive, connected it to my PC, and it worked. Simple as that.I spent a whole 10 seconds realizing that the instructions provided showed that I had to remove a single screw from the back panel when I really had to remove two screws, but that was the only (very minor) problem.There is no fan in the case, which means the only noise is from the hard drive itself. I am assuming the case itself acts as a large heatsink, but I havent yet monitered temperatures on the hard drive itself.I am pleased with the enclosure, and would happily recomend it to anyone 
1 We bought this to use with our WS-300M to record a class. We thought the stereo would result in a better quality recording. In the end, we set the recorder to MONO (HQ) because the speaker moves his head and the sound travels from one channel to the other! Good quality but distracting. Save your money and buy the mono mic. The quality is excellent in either setting.Buy the way, in case you miss it, this mic does come with a cable to connect it to the recorder 
1 I purchased this GPS back in April of 2006 and have been very happy with it since.  It is not perfect, but you have to remember that this is not a dedicated street navigator or hicker GPS, it's a hybrid of the two and with that there are compromises.In the car:  It is accurate and maps routes quickly 90% of the time.  The other 10% of the time it either looses signal, has outdated maps (my update is ordered and on it's way as I type), or just slow processing for some reason.  Of this 10% of the time I'd say only 2% of the time has this been an actual problem for me.  The rest of the time I was able to simply guess what I needed to do next or it didn't matter at all.  I have not found a perfect way of fixing the slow route calcuations, but the vast majority of the time this hasn't been an issue.On foot:  One of the features that sold me on this was the fact that it had a long lasting battery and it was waterproof.  Both qualities needed to be used for hiking.  The only catch is you have to turn off the lock to roads, otherwise you will get some really confusing directions!  Also it is difficult to program in destinations by coordinates as opposed to addresses, but it can be done (put in and address then change everything including the coordinates in the confirmation screen before hitting route!).On Boat:  Haven't tested this as I don't have a boat, and haven't purchased the water based maps.Overall I'm very happy with this and looking forward to the map update.  I wish it was a little faster on route calculating and map drawing, and that it was easier to imput exact coordinate points.  It's still better than buying/lugging around 2 seperate GPS systems to me 
1 I received my package within three days via the Super Saver Shipping (cost me nothing). The printer is great, too. I used the Brother 1440 series before and now upgraded to HP and I'm impressed. The printer shoots out the first page immediately without having to warm up, and its very light weight and small size making it more portable. I love it 
1 Bought this Mp3 player for my girlfriend for christmas. She loves it. It is small and easy to use. The headphones could be better though. The process of puting songs onto the player is simple and fast. Considering you cannot hear the music without headphones...and the headphones that come with it are not very good, it only gets a 4 out of 5 
1 I recently bought one of these babies for my niece seeing that she loves music but I was unwilling to pay an arm and a leg. It was a reasonable price and offers just what it delivers. She seems to really enjoy and found it to be easy to load both music and documents. The only real problem that I had with is that it costed less a few days after I purchased it. But that's really a personal problem 
1 I own one in each color for my multiple pair of earbuds. I have to say that the only way to improve upon this product, other than offering more color combinations, would be to make it bulletproof, which it damn near is already. A wonderfully convenient and stylish accessory. Although $15 might come across as steep for such a small product, the cost becomes easier to justify as you begin purchasing more expensive earbuds. The $100+ Shure earphones are a sizable investment and must be protected. The Sendstation Earbuddy meets that demand better than any other product in it's category 
1 The card works great in my camera.  No problems.  I would recommend the product 
1 This card was easy to install and works well. I have very little experience even opening a compter box. Making a spot for the connection to come out of the computer case turned out to be the most difficult part. 
1 Awesome video card.. Im using this with Dvi cable on my 22 inch Viewsonic lcd. I must say it installed great and looks awesome!! Great card for the money def a happy customer!! : 
1 I've had two RM-EZ2 for over a year now (on different TVs) ... very satisfactory indeed.pro:-very smooth action, easy to press buttons, fine for big clumsy fingers and poor eyesight-always works without fussy pointing-good battery lifecon:-eventually one will accidentally depress the wrong CBL or TV button and wonder why the remote no longer works ...the cure is simple, just depress the correct button, but if you forget that they are there, you might think the remote is broken - it's not, it's you.-There seems to be no way to generate the code to put your TV into setup mode - so don't throw away the manufacturer's original remote if you ever want to put the TV into setup mode 
1   Great portability, Good picture for the price. I like the fact that I can plug this player into any TV and play DVD's and also take it in the car, camping or anywhere. I also purchased a small set of external speakers which will really improve the sound. Onboard speakers a little lacking but overall a great value 
1 This photo paper is truly top of the line, profession grade paper. I have been using it for a few years in making very large photo prints - and they always turn out great. 
1 This is extremely high quality photo paper best used in Canon photo printers.  The 13" by 19" is used best with the Canon I9000 printer series, with a web of 13".  This paper resists moisture damage and has archival quality.  
1 I have owned this for about a week and wanted to share some initial thoughts.  All in all pretty pleased with the purchase.  It was well packaged and worked flawlessly with my iPod Mini.  There are five additional templates that can be used to dock different models.  Panicked at first because they didn't have one for the Mini, but it was already installed on the model.  Cons:- Light dimmer has three settings, but even the lowest is too bright.  You can turn it off and it can be controlled by the remote.- No ability to set a permanent alarm by day of week.  For example 7:00AM Monday to Friday, no alarm on Weekends.- Wake to music starts and accelerates to the preset (by you) volume in something like 7 seconds so it is definitely not gentle.- Sound is great for an alarm clock.  Don't think it will compare with a mini stereo or Bose SoundDock.  Would buy again at the price 
1  The first ipod clock radio I bought was an Emerson iTone that was very disappointing. After returning it, I did a bunch of research, and decided to order the i177 (white). I am very happy with the unit. The sound is great. While it is not a Bose, it sounds way better than your average alarm clock. The controls are very intuitive and simple to use. I have a 4th generation ipod, and it fit perfectly. Another great feature is the display dimmer. You can turn the backlight completely off, a feature not found in many other products. A common complaint I read about for other brands of radio was that the display would light up the room! Not a problem with this unit. the remote control is pretty neat too. I like the fact that I can control my ipod remotely. There are 2 separate alarms, which is nice if your significant other has to get up at a different time. The only lacking feature is the ability to store radio stations. This would be nice, but I bought this unit to wake to my ipod so I can't complain. Overall this thing is great. 
1 This is my first plasma TV and I love it.  We bought this to put the icing on the cake after having remodeled our complete house.  The TV sounds great, and looks great.  HDTV is stunning!  I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this TV to anyone 
1 This phone installed easily, has good sound, caller ID is visible. hooks securely. That's about all we wanted 
1 Since there is now relatively few choices for a good corded phone (esp. with caller ID), this phone is tops. This phone and all other AT&T phones corded or cordless, exhibit slight feedback when talking loud or when hanging up.  But no other phone out there seems to be nearly as durable.  Given the other choices, this is the one to get 
1 I bought this device to mount on the wall in front of my work desk, and for that purpose it's an admirable phone.Plus: The contrast- adjustable LCD displays current date and time without you having to set it, the buttons for call list browsing, option setting, etc. are on the back of the receiver so you don't have to take the phone off the hook to use them. The sound quality is great of course, this being a corded phone, and it feels somewhat worthy in your hand. The keypad lights up, although only for a few seconds - dial fast in the dark! The ring tone is nice at its medium setting.Minus: I find the base a bit bulky, the LCD has no background light, and when the handset is set to "hi" volume, you do hear a bit of a screeching noise when putting the set down on the base (I keep the setting at "lo" though, which is plenty loud). My main gripe is that the phone doesn't have a voicemail indicator, which would be extremely sweet with my phone company (Vonage). Also, the caller id stuff works with batteries ONLY - at least, they could have put a 6v ac adapter plug on the phone.Still, four stars because the phone does all it says it does 
1 I checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case. What I received is what I expected. Lots of compartments to store needed accessories, sturdy construction, pleasant appearance. As with a previous review, my only citicism is the shoulder strap. While it is comfortable when used, it is also fixed and cannot be removed. I've already caught it once on an airline seat arm when boarding a crowded plane. Other than that, it was a good purchase for the price 
1 This monitor is an awesome buy.  I had no problems with my monitor, dead pixel-wise.The only complaints I have to add are those that others have already voiced.  The stand does not securely fasten to the monitor, it just sort of sits there... a good push and down she may go.  The menu buttons on the right side aren't confusing to use, my other monitors have used a similar setup: Menu activates menu and also activates a menu item, up/down change values, menu backs out and there is a menu item to exit.  If I had put two of these monitors side by side, I can see how accessing the power button of the monitor on the left would be an issue, minor but perhaps irksome.I have not tested the speakers, but seriously a good set of speakers won't set you back much, that's not what this monitor is for.  I would definitely buy another one in a heartbeat, if I didn't already have three monitors to begin with 
1 If only other computer products were this easy to set up and use - highly recommend this product 
1 Makes plane flights so much more enjoyable and costs hundreds less than other brands.  Only  thing that could make it better is passive noise reduction but then it would be bulkier 
1 Price is excellent.  No problems but I falls below a 5 star due to product lacking higher quality materials.  
1 They don't collapse, so they aren't the most easily portable as you sure aren't putting them in your pocket.  You also aren't listening to music in bed with them, as mentioned in other reviews, the back is not adjustable and will push the vertical facing speakers out of your ears.I tend to collect lower end headphones, and why not.  So, I do have a unique perspective on them (or so I say, mostly to flatter myself).These, compared to other vertical designs, are good.  The sound is better than most.  Not quite as good as the Sony h.EAR line, but those would never stay in my ears and when dangling they are literally tangle hooks.  These p9's are simple, one piece, and very smartly the cord only comes up to one ear.The volume adjustment makes them nice for Tv and computer use.  Also, if you ever listen while using a splitter, make sure the other person is wearing the cans (or whatever more power consumptiony headphones) so you can cut your volume.  My wife wears cans when watching TV, so when I just MUST watch some witty Sonic commercial, I just plug myself in.They aren't perfect.  I'd like to also try the Sennheiser vertical over the head cheapos as well as the Sony folding ones.  They did come in very handy when my scroll wheel on my Rio Carbon was broken (only volume control on the thing).  For reference, my everyday buds are Sony ED21LPs, which I highly reccomend for all purpose use as they wont fall out, and can be stored in a very small area.  Heck, I even use the stupid pouch that comes with them.But, yeah, knowing the weaknesses of the p9, if you think you'd like it, then you'll love it 
1 I have went through so many Cd-R blanks and finally found some with some good dye and have zero error burning rate.  TDK is amazing. The first one i've burned i've now had for over a year and still no defects on the back of it.  It's amazing 
1 I purchased this microphone for my 6 year old daughter to replace a microphone to her karaoke machine that the dog chewed up.  This mic was inexpensive and works fine so far.  We haven't had it very long so it has not really been put to the test of time 
1 These DVDs never fail...I've tried other brands and had miserable results.Stick with Memorex and you won't be sorry 
1 Its great, i bought it for my husband and he loves it.The Zen micro fit perfect 
1 This is a very good sounding sub for the price.  I compared others at higher prices and liked how this produced a full range to compliment the other speakers.  It fills a 1500 sq ft room with cathedral ceiling very well.  I would buy another 
1 I have three handsets and have programmed different ring sounds for each one,e.g., then one in my home office rings with the Three Stooges singing, "Hello, hello, hello!"Phone works very well 
1 This mount is perfect!  It sticks well to the windshield,keeps the GPS rock steady. It allows you to swing to Driver, Center and Passenger's views and back without any bending or remounting.I am very pleased!  My roadmate looks a 100% better on this mount. I hated the mount that came with the GPS.The build quality of this mount also seems to be very good.I would highly recomend this mount 
1 In spite of some of the poor reviews for this product, it met all of my expectations 100%. Thanks to the reviews, I understood that the unit doesn't have a builtin antenna or batteries, which was helpful to know in advance. But of course the specifications never claimed those features in the first place.I was looking for a small TV to fit in the corner of my bathroom, and this unit is perfect for that. As a bonus, I can not only watch the news while I'm getting ready for work in the morning, but I can listen to MP3 rips when I'm in the shower. I've owned the unit for several weeks now, use it every day, and have never had a problem playing any disk, either copy-protected movies or CDs. My only concern so far has been that I didn't receive a warrantee card with the unit.I especially like the portability. It's so easy to pick up and take anywhere, such as watching a movie in bed, and even outside (if it's not too bright out) for watching sports on the patio. The speakers are adequate, considering their size, and the headphone jack lets me either use headphones or external amplified speakers if I want better quality.In summary, I have to repeat that my expectations were set before I bought the unit and I am very pleased with what I got for the price 
1 I wish I searched, found, & purchased one earlier. I'm a road warrior with laptop. I work from home at times & have a desktop. This device is awesome to plug in & go. I love it. Better than a clunky port replicator for my laptop & saves precious desk space. I'd highly recommend 
1 At around $35. these UltraEars are a amazing deal. They have great base, mids, and highs. The seperation is good too. If you tweek your mp3's sound you can realy dial them in. Push them nice and tight in to your ear to get the best sound.    
1 This is an absolutely wonderful product.  The CD Player in my Cadillac was skipping tracks and was a mess.  One use of this cleaner (specially for cars) and my player was good as new 
1 I bought the cooler for my Dell Inspiron which tends to get hot because I work it so hard - it's cut down the time the internal fan kicks in drastically, is very sturdy yet light enough for me.So I bought another (wide-screen)(black) version for my HP Pavilion which has more RAM and so doesn't have to work that hard, now its internal fan virtually never kicks in.  In both cases the fan is so quiet that I have to turn it on/off to make sure that it is working.The only improvement I would suggest is more usb ports.4 stars because 5 is perfection 
1 My daughter is very happy with the product. She not only got the MP3 player she wanted, she also got her favorite color "PINK". Thought we got a great deal and it has been working wonderfully. Infact, my son is now jealous that his younger sister has a better MP3 player than he has 
1 the samsung I bought shows a great quality pictue. i love it 
1 It's a great tool to have at all times.  Security, provacy, and power in one little handy device.  And the U3 apps are multiplying quickly.  Next I want a full-blown system on a flash drive 
1 This is an amazing little device. I carry every Word and Excel file I have created in the last year on this device. How remarkable is that? Kingston really had a better profile than other thumb drives. I still have my clip cap after several months. I carry it with me daily. The really powerful potential for these devices is yet to be realised but I'm thinking about them! Let me know how you are using yours.In addition to my data files, I downloaded applications giving my flash drive the power to accomplish tasks on its own. Overall, I am happy with my drive and believe as you think of new ways to employ one you will be too. I give this device a big thumb's up 
1 I bought the keyboard for my 5-year-old son.  The keyboard is light weight and therefore easy to carry.  Small and convenient for my son to play anywhere.  I am using batteries and really enjoy the freedom of movement, i.e. not needing to worry about plugging it into a power source. It's an excellent choice for my situation 
1 I purchased the Casio keyboard for my Grand-daughter's 4th birthday.  She really enjoyed playing it.  As a matter of fact she was still interested in it the next day.  It is the perfect size for a small child.  She sits in her recliner and has the keyboard across the arms.  The only thing that wasn't perfect is that you can mute what the child is playing, but not the 10 songs that are prerecorded in it 
1 I enjoy this mouse. Usually, I don't like using the touch pad on laptops but after deciding to buy a mouse, I had to look for a specific mouse that would fit into my lifestyle as a student. I have small hands and I hate carrying out heavy objects in my bookbag. Since I have to lug my laptop around, I needed a mouse that didn't take a lot of space, is good enough to withstand constant shifting in my laptop, and that worked well with my needs.Pros: Small size, optical, scrolling tab, and portabilityCons: Sometimes the mouse jumps around a bit on its own. BUT this happens only a few times every few weeks - so it's not often enough to cause a problem for me.Enjoy 
1 I just bought my first laptop computer and really, really hated the touchpad. I found it unresponsive at times and found the whole right clicking and using the pad at the same time a pain.I spent a while browsing the different mice available on this and other sites and in the end decided upon this little number.I am very happy that I did too. Its pretty small and very lightweight but at the same time it doesnt feel at all fragile - definately well made. Im about 5'11 and have fairly big hands - I find this mouse comfortable to use. It looks pretty cool too, the red panels on the side light up, which is always good for night work. All the buttons are very responsive and that middle button is a godsend after using the touchpad for the past month. I couldnt ask for better all round performance. And for $20 you really cant go wrong, it really is a great price for a microsoft mouse. The only reason I dont give it five stars?? Well this is technology - although it is a awesome piece of kit, there are always other things or features they could have added 
1 This router has worked great for the past year.  We have 3 Linux computers connected to DSL through it.One PC is at the far end of the house.  We use two Novatech Powerline Ethernet Adapters to connect that PC to the Netgear router through our home powerline wiring.  Netgear and Novatech work fine together, with no DSL speed degredation.The browser interface is easy to use.  The firewall features are easy enough for the inexpert user to understand.The manual is good, but I would prefer to have a hard copy 
1 This PNY 2.0GB card has proven to be plenty as a digital camera card.  We purchased the 2 gig card for my wife's Canon Powershot S-900 "Elph" to replace smaller memory cards.  Although 1GB cards worked adequately with the "Elph" we noticed, early on, that its 10.0 mega pixels quickly filled up the photo card.  The 2.0GB holds many more photos (over 400 shots and counting) than the 1GB.  At half the price of other brands, the PNY is proving to be very satisfactory (we purchased two 2.0s at once).We happily recommend the PNY 2.0GB photo card for your photos.  It makes a great gift candidate.  Get yours soon! 
1 What I ordered - on time delivery - good price 
1 These batteries last a long time. Cheaper batteries won't hold a charge after repeated use/charging. I have AA Energizer batteries and after a year they still hold a charge with out any problems. 
1 Don't let the size fool you - I don't know much about audio - yet - but I can tell you the sound recorded from this mic is WAYYYY better than the USB Microphone Headset I was using. Much crisper with out all the fuzziness. And I didn't spend nearly as much as the Online Gurus were recommending. I am sure the $600 mic is great - but this is doing every thing I need. 
1 This lavalier microphone works great and is very easy to figure out.  Well worth while if you're trying to record an individual talking onto a camcorder 
1 Can't say enough good things about this Brother all-in-one, given its price and features.  (I paid $100 more than the new Amazon price elsewhere a week ago.)I installed as a network device and set up the software on my XP Pro as well as Mac OS 10.4.9 machines ... easy installation, and the interface on each OS is essentially the same.  Super fast prints from either machine, crisp and beautiful, with tonal background fills printing which never showed up on my previous HP laser.Duplex scan/fax as well as duplex print was the key to my purchase, and I've been really happy.  What I did not anticipate was just how fast the printer is, or how rich the delivered software is compared with prior HP experience.Noises don't seem unusual to me - no crackling here, just noisy paper handling by ADF and print engine.  No big deal IMHO.Only a few minor negatives I've seen so far:  (1) it looks like the firmware can only be updated from a Windows computer, so Mac folks are stuck there (mine was delivered with current version of firmware, so maybe this doesn't matter), (2) you cannot feed heavy stock through it, even the manual feed tray - so need to keep a straight feed device around if you need thicker than 24# stock, (3) scanner transfer rate to computer is a bit slow - not sure if it is the network interface or a slow processor in the device, and (4) expansion memory is not a popular size, so is more expensive than current PC memory - not sure if I'll upgrade or not.Haven't tried envelopes yet, so can't respond to earlier comments from others.It's kind of entertaining to watch the machine do a duplex copy - as pages in the ADF suck in and out to scan both sides, and pages ejecting come partway out and suck back in to copy the back side 
1 This is an excellent boom box if you want to be able to take your SkyFi out of your car and put it in the house or take it anywhere. It works great 
1 I have had this tv since the weekend before the Superbowl. The Superbowl and any Nascar race looks incredible. Many reviews I read(everyone on here)which had totaled around 109. Whew! I gotta tell ya though, this tv replaced a 51" Sony HDTV. The sound was awesome. When I turned on this new Samsung I was VERY disappointed. My wife almost made me send it back because of it. I made some adjustments which did make it sound a little better but nowhere near the Sony. I went to a big box store and they told me it was because these companies expect that you will hook it up through a surround system and not use the TV sound. {shrug} I do for movies but not for regular tv.Overall it is a very nice tv especially for the $$ 
1 Compared to my logitech mouseman dual optical from 2000, this mouse blows it away by far in accuracy, precision.  What I find to be a drawback is the mouse's light weight and small size.  The size comes in handy if I need to flick, but be sure to keep the wire out of the way - as the mouse is so light if you have the wire in a bad spot, it will push the mouse and affect your aim at crucial moments. The "change sensitivity" button is in a strange spot (at least if u have large hands) located in the center of the mouse where you will need to reach far back and almost touch the pad of your palm of the finger you're reaching with - not an efficient movement, therefore not applicable in games (you can assign a sensitivity script to perhaps one of the side mouse buttons if necessary).  These are only minor itches when compared to the outstanding precision and I would highly recommend it 
1 I did my research before purchasing this wireless card from Amazon to use in conjunction with my Belkin Pre-N wireless router.  According to every net review I'd read, this combination of Belkin Pre-N desktop card and router had the best range and throughput at that range than any other card/router in its class, and as my workstation is out in the middle of a farm an almost impossible distance from the router, 'range' is what I needed above all.After some configuration and finding the best spot to put the computer itself, I now regularly have connection qualities in the 77-90% range a good 200-300 ft. from my router which is in another building entirely (and both have a lot of metal cladding and what-not I had expected to cause a great deal of interference if not outright unworkability.)The odd thing about this 'Pre-N' combination from Belkin is that apparently the later Belkin N equipment is grossly inferior, and manages to pull off only about half the range of this model.  These cards and the Pre-N router are becoming harder to find as they've been superseded by the newer (inferior) models currently in the stores, so if you have to operate wireless at great distances, I doubt you'll beat these Belkin models for at least the immediate future 
1 I mean... 10 usbs, sli, 6 SATAs, support for up to 13 GB of RAM and theorethically more. Too much 
1 i already test a loot of mobo... asus, msi (my last was k8n diamond), and others... but this board looks like no other, and realy works!!! for gamers is the ultimate board... i really recomend it! 
1 I recently bought one of these for our 18-month-old son.  The piano arrived in fine shape.  The piano and bench are sturdy and well made when you put them together properly.  The sound is just like I remember a toy piano should sound.  Notes are not perfectly in tune like a fine instrument, but tuned within reason to the notes of the scale, including sharps and flats.   Most importantly, our little boy just loves playing this piano.  Hopefully it will inspire him to continue and so it is as great an introdroduction to music as any other toy, including the electronic toys, we have purchased for him.  I also liked that he wasn't able to pull off the keys try as he may.  They just kind of become locked when he trys to do that and can be put back in place by minor adjstment.  
1 When we initially pulled this out the box, I was excited becaue it was crafted so well!  Real wood and excellent craftsmanship - HOWEVER - the sound absolutely sucks!  It sounds like Elmo's toy piano, or even worse.  I thought it was just the fact that the piano was sitting flat on the floor (I hadn't installed the legs yet), and the sound was just off.  By the time I got everything assembled, the disappointment settled in even deeper. This piano was not worth the price I paid for it - by any stretch of the imagination.  I realize this is a TOY and not an instrument; but again, for the money, you'd expect a better sounding product.  An added note: my daughter LOVES banging on it 
1 Two-port print servers are the best and this product is great!  The D-Link DP-300U was very easy to set up.  Every house should have a two port print server: one printer for an ink jet printer, one for a laser printer.  Thank you D-Link for not killing this product.  I hope you never do 
1 In my opinion, Sony's strength lies in its TVs.  This line of LCD sets are expensive, but you'll definitely get what you pay for.  The picture quality is incredible!  The beauty of this set is also material - it is a work of art.  While the internal speakers are decent, I would have been just as happy not to have them.  But thanks to the beautiful design of the bezel, you don't even know the speakers are there.Some reviewers have mentioned "LCD clouding", and for a product of this price it would serve you well to do the appropriate Google search.  But Sony stands by its products, and if you receive a set that is not up to standards, they will rectify the situation.  Also, many reviewers are mentioning a lower-quality picture.  It is important to understand what kind of signal you are feeding the TV, and what signal will give you the optimal image.  Not all HD signals are the same, and will provide you with varying degrees of quality.  Be prepared to upgrade other equipment to explore the maximum potential of this device.  But, I have yet to see a signal that wasn't enhanced by being viewed on this set over my previous Panasonic tube set.The interchangable bezels is a nice idea, but only for those with deep(er) pockets.  The silver set alone is beautiful, and if I had only one complaint, it would be that it's harder to get matching Sony peripherals in silver than you might think.  All in all, it's the best LCD you can buy 
1 As the PS2 does not have HDMI outputs for High-Definition TV's, the Monster Cable GameLink 400 component cable is the next best thing and worth a few bucks more. You'd have to be retarded to not notice the difference between these component cables and standard (red, white, yellow) AV cables picture clarity. They are in two different worlds and Monster fully delivers. However, your TV must have component (red, blue, green) inputs for this cable to be useful.Ensure that you have a fiber optic digital cable for your sound to go from your PS2 to your compatible tv/receiver. These cables are for picture only and do not have a sound cable. Therefore, you'll have to forget using the single plug-in the PS2 offers for both audio and video. However, your sound will be uncompressed, fully digital audio. This is definitely a plus, rather than a negative. Any mid-priced television or receiver built in the last six years will have a digital audio input 
1 This really works & is very sturdy.  The problem is the bolts they give is too heavy for light home projectors.  Just get 14inch screws from Lowes & you will be OK.The manual is not good 
1 I have been happy with these phones.  I find no problem with the sound - no static at all.  The only small thing I have noticed is that occasionally the sound echoes a little.  I do not understand the terrible reviews - this phone is very usable 
1 I don't understand the 1 star reviews, unless there is some product variability.  Price was $60 at Target.  Talk time is OK, although the longest I have been on the phone is maybe 10 or 15 minutes.  Range is fine.  Phone works all over the house, and audio quality if fine 
1 Buy it and you will not live home without it.  If I would rate this product, I will rated a 6 stars. 
1 These buds are definitely a step up from the standard iPod buds.  They stay in your ears much more easily (without the foam black covers, which are easily lost), the sound is at least marginally better, and the overall construction seems to be better.  You can't do much better for the money.However, if you're willing to spend a little more, the JLab JBuds are the way to go.  I own both the Gumys and the JBuds, and the Gumys are my workout pair, and I use the JBuds for everything else.But if you're looking to spend as little as possible yet still upgrade from the iPod buds, the Gumys are the way to go 
1 Great product.  Totally eliminates the need to constantly change frequencies in urban areas 
1 Great GPS unit that does what is supposed to do and flawlessly at that. Clear easy to read display and instructions. Menus and interface are self-intuitive to the degree that you just turn it on and start using it. No downloads, activations or learning required. Satellite acquisition takes just a few seconds and recalculation when you miss a turn or instruction is equally fast. Accuracy is impressive with spot-on instructions and updated maps. Even small streets in rural areas are recognized and labeled. After looking at the Garmin and Magellan units I thought this was the best unit for the price. It has the largest screen and the most features for this price range. A previous reviewer complained about the misrepresentation of Bluetooth capabilities to which I completely disagree. The fact the Bluetooth features are available at this price range is already impressive. Also unless you buy a much pricier unit none of them come with a dashboard stand. All manufacturers seem to sell them as options (Garmin included). 
1 This is another terrific assortment of Sharpie permanent pens, for a very good price. Try them. I'm never without Sharpies, and this deal is good 
1 This markers from Sharpie are excellent! Cool colors! Great on any type of paper. Recommend it 110% 
1 This is the first DVD recorder I purchased. I used the quick set up guide and I was off to the races. The quality of my recordings are crisp and clear. The nero software is user friendly and makes recording dvds easy. I'm totally satisfied with my purchase plus I'm recieving a [...]rebate to top it off 
1 We bought this external drive after learning that our friends lost all but a couple months worth of photos and/or videos from their first year with adorable triplet daughters. It resulted from the dreaded and inevitable hard-drive crash that everyone fears, but nobody thinks will happen to them. Attempts by two data recovery firms were unsuccessful and now they're left with whatever printed photos they and their family and friends could find.Expecting our first child in less than three weeks, we don't want to find ourselves in the same predicament, especially with years of other irreplaceable photos, financial data and other documents on our laptop. Now we're doing weekly, monthly and annual backups and storing some of those offsite to protect against something even worse than a simple crash of a hard drive. Even if we don't completely stick with this new regimen, it's better than what we used to do -- which, though thankfully uneventful, was absolutely nothing.If that's not enough to make you want to buy this, then the Sony name, quality, reliability and ease of use should be. The drive is small, stylish, easily installed and takes up little space in the vertical position. Although it's a little loud when the drive is working, it reads and writes CD-R media up to 48x, Ultra Speed Plus CD-RW up to 32x, DVD+/-R up to 16x, and High Speed DVD+RW up to 8x. After a lengthy initial full backup using the included Nero BackItUp software (about 8 GB onto 10 old CD-R discs in 2.5-3.0 hours), smaller differential monthly backups and incremental weekly backups to 8x DVD+RW discs take between 10 and 20 minutes each when compressing, copying and verifying everything. Backup copies of our 4 GB wedding DVD onto 8x DVD-R discs took about 15-20 minutes.The Nero software seems very extensive, but I haven't used much of it so far. The interface is pretty intuitive and it's easy to find what you want to do, but some of the more detailed or technical options might be overwhelming for someone who's new to this kind of software or doesn't want to spend a lot of time reading the PDF manual. The only real complaint I have is with the BackItUp program's job scheduler, which only gives you daily, weekly and yearly frequency options (you need to set up monthly backups as weekly jobs and either disable or skip them for several weeks in between months), it takes forever to re-scan files when building a new job on an existing one (setting up subsequent daily, weekly or monthly jobs based on the initial full annual backup), and the data you can change for an existing job is limited (can't rename it or alter the content without creating a whole new job).Overall, great external DVD/CD drive for watching video, listening to music and backing up data. Good software that's intuitive and functional with some room for improvement, but there's no real need for additional software you don't already have. Excellent value -- bought it at Amazon for under $160 with taxes and free shipping, and got a $30 mail-in rebate from Sony. Also bought pack of 25 Ritek 8x DVD+RW discs from TheTechGeek.com for $33 delivered and they threw in a free 10-pack of Velocity 8x DVD-R discs. So, for well under $200 and a little effort, you too can view, hear, copy and/or backup your valuable photos, videos, tunes and other data in no time 
1 The printer is fast and printing is always properly aligned on the paper. Quality of printed text is as good as any decent desktop printer and that is why I bought it in the first place. I am yet to try printing photos. Because this is a mobile printer the manufacturer needs to ensure that the unit will stand up to the hits and accidents caused by regular transporting. It might mean providing a second skin or a padded bag with the uni 
1 I bought this enclosure about 1 year ago.  I put a 200GB hard drive in it and use it as my dedicated iTunes library. It was a super easy setup.  Many complain in the other reviews that it's a tight fit inside, but I didn't find it difficult at all to get the hard drive in.  After connecting the hard drive and closing it  up, I simply connected it via FireWire to my Mac G4 and it worked like a charm! Next month I will have it for 1 year and I would be 100% happy with it if not for one thing... the loud fan noise after about 10 minutes of it being turned on! ARGHH!!  All of a sudden it just starts sounding off with this annoying buzzing sound that gets slightly louder with time.  Every-so-often, the buzzing goes away for about 1 to 2 minutes, but it ALWAYS returns with a vengence!  Otherwise, the enclosure has held up and worked nicely for almost 1 year.  I'm definitly going to get rid of it though once I find an enclosure that is equally aesthetically pleasing and as reliable, but not NEARLY as noisy!!!  It's a shame actually, since I'm in the market to get 2 more enclosures to house my Aperture library and data backup, respectively 
1 I just purchased this item two days ago (Thurs.) Today (Sat.) I removed my 160GB Seagate HHD from my Kingwin enclosure and installed it in this one. Installation was not a problem although the molex connector seems to be a tight fit and is almost touching the fan. Fan noise does not seem to be a problem yet. I used the Firewire connection instead of USB and the drive access is much faster than it was with the USB connection on the other enclosure. The price is a little steep compared to others but I got a generous rebate offer with my purchase. Although the case is plastic (my other one was aluminum and plastic) I won't be moving mine around so that won't be an issue 
1 This cable really cleaned up the display image. I had been running another Monster Cable - the 6 meter version. I needed the length before because of the way my system was configured. I have a review under that cable about how quality does matter.And so does length. At the time I wrote the review I was just ordering the cable and was posting what I had found out in researching digital video signals. Everything in there stands true.I changed my setup and decided to invest in a shorter version of the cable - the 1 meter version - because I could now get away with a much shorter cable. I installed it this morning and the difference, while not earth shattering, was definitely visible.I use this cable to connect between the video card on a media PC and my TV (Sony rear-projection LCD). The image used to swim a little along the edges of some windows, text, etc., and the image wasn't as clear as I had hoped. While the image looked good, it didn't look great. That's why I decided to take the plunge and spend an extra $79 bucks.The difference is somethine like going from a regular RF feed to your TV and component video cables. Now the image is crisp and clear and there is no swimming. It actually brings out detail I couldn't even see before - to the point of deciding to turn on FSAA and filtering so video games have a more realistic look. And that they do.I don't know how other brands compare to the Monster Cables as I haven't tried them. What I do know is that signal integrity is very important to a good looking display. You can get that with high quality cables and by keeping the length to the absolute minimum required as there was a very perceptible difference just between the 1 meter and 6 meter versions of the exact same thing.One more thing while I'm here. I want to thank Amazon for going the extra mile on customer service. I had a DVD disappear somehow during shipping. UPS said they delivered it but I never received it. I asked Amazon if they filed the report with UPS or I did to file a claim. What I got was a reply telling me a replacement was already on its way. That is service. Thanks Amazon 
1 Love the wireless connection to my HP all-in-one scanner printer. Works great 
1 I almost didn't purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for it! I am glad I did, I am very happy with this Sony Walkman! I use it for walking, listening to meditating CDs, audio books, everything and have not had one single problem with it. I am so glad I did not let the few negative reviews sway my decision! As mentioned in another review, I love that if you have to stop playing whatever your listening to it will pick up on the same track when you press play again, it also fits in my back pocket so I can walk around the house listening to anything while doing chores, the earpieces fit well, there is absolutley nothing wrong with this walkman! Those of you who seemed to have this walkman break in 2-3 weeks must not take care of your things. I love it, the price was great, so don't let the negative reviews stop you on this purchase! 
1 The product works fine. It seems kind of strange that I had to purchase a package of 10 in order to get just the 2 that I needed. The Linksys unit is just attached to the bracket by pressure so I ran a long zip tie through the bracket and around the Linksys units to make sure they didn't pop off 
1 Great sound. love the volume control on the wire. great fit to almost any head size or shape. Overall a great purchase and I love their product 
1 Besides the fact that iPod is a skinny little waste of time, let's also mock the fact that it plays about two formats: whatever Mac plays, and MP3.  Woohoo.   What a selection.Then, we have the iAudio.  It has perhaps a half inch thickness, at most, over the iPod for the standard battery model (20gb and 30gb anyway; 60gb is as thick as an XL), though it includes so much more bang for your buck, even if some of that bang is kind of useless.  But come on; an FM radio isn't iPod standard?  Almost every other portable HD player has that by now.  About the only thing iPod has over iAudio is movie quality, which is, admittedly, better.  But I'm fairly basic; I'm buying it for my music, not to watch a bloody movie on a tiny screen.  If I want to do that, I'll buy a portable DVD player. For pictures, unless they're ridiculously high quality, this suits just fine.  But it's not the pictures you should be interested in when buying one of these sweet players; it's the sound quality.Which.  Is.  Marvelous.   It consistantly beats iPod, it has BBE equalizer, and it not plays MP3 and AAC, but WMA, WAV, OOC, and FLAC.   *FLAC.*   And if you download Rockbox (which is something you'll have to research on your own, kids), you can create themes, boost your battery life, and augment your listening pleasure even further.The only drawbacks are the battery life if you don't use playlists, skip around a lot, or play high bitrate files (all of which are fixed rather well by Rockbox), and the subpack.   What is a subpack?   It's a fairly good idea done badly.  It's a piece of [...] plastic you can easily lose that clicks into the bottom jack of your player.  In it are the power jack, line-out (which has a bad bass roll-off problem, unfortunately) and line-in jack, and USB port.   The general idea was to make the player smaller by moving all of these jacks onto something else, but it wasn't executed too well.  Buying a charger from [...].com solves the power jack and USB port problems nicely, and is recommended most highly.(And did I mention recording with the built-in mic is amazing?  You can get good quality concerts with this puppy.)Plus, it's black.  iPod comes standard white.  And the X5 is just better 
1 I saw this at the store and hoping to get it in 3 months my other reciever caught on fire and was a 19 year old YAMAHA RX-900 
1 This product worked very well, and was easy to hook up. For my use I had 3 video game systems using component video & optical audio, and the switching was very quick. I replaced separate manual switchers for toslink & component, and am happy with this product 
1 This was the perfect TV for our needs:  It fits the space, is economical, has great picture size and quality, and lots of features.  It is a good blend of current digital and CRT technology.  Not an LCD and bulky as they come, but once in place it delivers a quality viewing experience. 
1 It pairs quickly with laptops & bluetooth phones. Holds the gps module firmly and matches the look perfectly.The only gripe I have is it doesn't have an anti-slip surface so that I can throw it on the dashboard and not worry about it falling off.The battery lasts forever. I remember using it for 6 continous hors before switching off...mind you switching off because I had arrived at my destination 
1 I love this product.  Unfortunately, I blew mine up in West Africa (my computer was not damaged), so when I returned I ordered another right away.  I wish that it were a little thinner, but I suppose you can't have everything....at least right now 
1 I couldn't believe how great this CD case is! I had a ton of loose CD's all over the place because I didn't have any cases. With this I could hold them all with a ton of room to spare! 
1 Bought these to use while doing my daily walks & mowing.  They work 100% better than the little "lipstick" antenna you get with the MyFi plus you don't have to use the earphones.  The only time I lose signal is if I'm really boxed in an area that doesn't face south.  It actually works in some areas inside my house.  The sound quality is good enough for a casual audiophile like me.  Besides, there ain't much in the way of other options.  This is my second pair because my first pair had the left channel crap out because of a broken wire after a year.  So I use them as an extra antenna in the kitchen when I want to use the FM tuner on the radio 
1 Things that I like: (1) The option to tile the front of the keyboard up makes typing much more comfortable.  I was a skeptic about it before I purchased it, but really do like it.  Also, this is the first keyboard that I have used that allows for so many typing angles.  (2) The included software gives a great deal of control over customizing all of the extra keys on the keyboard.  Even if you don't have Windows Vista, you can program the gadgets key to suit your needs.  (3) The keyboard has no lag for me, whatsoever.  (4) I'm a big fan of the standard 3x2 key setup for the home keys, etc.  (5) This is a small change, but I'm using this setup on Dell Inspiron 6000 laptop.  The software replaced the large volume notifications (onscreen display showing volume level, mute, etc.) with a smaller more attractive style notification.  Me gusta.  (6) The curved keyboard is also comfortable.  It requires no time nor effort getting used to it.  (7) I haven't had any problems with the keyboard being "out of range."  (8) For the mouse, I'm switching from the Wireless Intellimouse Explorer 3.0, which is also made by Microsoft, to the Laser 6000 mouse included.  This new mouse is more comfortable. (not a huge difference, but noticeable.)  It is also lighter, and slides around with little effort.What I don't like:(1) The lock key above the number pad is set by default to display the same two options as when you click 'Start' then 'Log off Windows.'  I would have liked the option to change the key to the Shut Down / Hibernate dialog instead.  I haven't found that option available, so far.(2) The keyboard is a little bit wider than others, but I don't find it to be a problem.  It's just different.  Having the additional programmable buttons outweighs the downside of having the extra width.Five Stars 
1 I needed a replacement Receiver for a fairly modest home theater system. I wanted a bare bones 5.1 system (no 6.1, 7.1, 1kw audio power, satellite radio capable, etc.)  I only use the Receiver as an audio switch and let the TV handle video source selection.  Reviewers of the Sherwood RD-6500 liked the audio but thought the set-up a little confusing.  Being a retired electrical engineer that did not concern me.  The price was certainly right, about the cheapest thing around (at [...]).  I bought the unit and have been completely satisfied.  I would have given it five stars but heck, nobody's perfect.  I had no problem with the setup procedure and liked the audio quality (full disclosure:  my ears are 79 years old).  The unit has one optical digital, one coax digital and several A/V inputs.  The remote lets you pick Video 1-3, CD, Tuner and Aux inputs.  You tell the system which audio source to use for each of these, one time and it remembers.  I liked the way the front panel display tells you whether a full surround signal is present.  I was surprised to find how many premium HD movie channels do not always broadcast in full surround and not always in HD either.  I also liked the fact that one button on the remote cycles a test tone to all six speakers so you can quickly balance them.  On the negative side I, like other reviewers, bemoaned the lack of a switched power outlet since a powered sub-woofer is required 
1 I have used These Seagate Drives for almost 2 years now. They work nicely for editing movies, and I like the combo Firewire and USB2.0 interface. I trust these cheaper Seagate than the expensive LACIE (we bought a box full of lacie D2, they ALL fail in 6 months) or store brand drives. Hard drives are prone to failure. But Seagate has served my company well.using : Seagate 750GB, 500GB, 400GB. daisy chained.... 
1 Works great, looks great, no problems.  22" monitor for this price?  More than I expected! 
1 I've held off reviewing this item until I actually got some alerts - and I got plenty of them over the weekend, so here it is....There seem to be a lot of complaints of this being hard to set-up - so many, that after having no problems setting it up myself, I'd worried I'd done something wrong.  Over the weekend, a number of thunderstorms & tornados rolled thorough my area - using the S.A.M.E alert system for my county - I received a notification for each warning.  I purchased this radio specifically for the S.A.M.E alert system, living in central Mississippi, we get tornado warnings all spring - I didn't want a 2am alarm for a tornado 3 counties north of me.  My one beef with the unit is the radio reception - even the included external antenna, it's spotty - ESPECIALLY the weather radio reception.  I'm not sure how far I am from the nearest weather radio transmitter, but living in the suburbs of Madison, I can't be too far.  If you're in a rural area, I'd definitely look into getting an external antenna (it has a port for a better external antenna than the telescoping antenna included) 
1 Great product! Very pleased with my decision to get this over the 100 so I could replace my alarm clock. Set it up just for the counties near me and turned off all the alerts I was not interested in 
1 I purchased a SanDisc 4 GB SDHC card for my camera. At the time it did not occur to me that neither my SanDisc Image Mate 6 in 1 nor my SIIG 18-in-1 Reader/Writer would not be able to read this new version of Secure Digital. Long story short-I called IOGear tech support and was assured that this reader would work although netiher their promotional materails nor their packaging indicates that it will. Bottom Line: It works and it was a very inexpensive ($10 at CompUSA) solution to my problem. 
1 I got this yoke to use with Microsoft Flight Simulator.  Other people have said that the build quality is poor on this yoke, but what did you expect?  It's just a computer game controller, it's not meant to feel like an actual pilot's yoke.  If it were, it would probably be much, much more expensive!Yes, the plastic build makes it feel like just another joystick, but I've had it for almost a year and haven't had any problems with it.  Also, I rarely need to reconfigure it, so there's not an issue of "wandering" from the centre point.All in all, this yoke is fairly good and works well with Flight Simulator.  It certainly makes you feel a little bit more like you're a real pilot, but don't expect to feel any G-forces or anything else like that 
1 This univeral DVD player comes packed very neatly in an Oppo cloth case and is very sleek.  The finish of the DVD player is excellent, however the remote is not up to snuff in this department.  This player can play PAL DVDs, it upconverts it to NTSC & 1080i.  It's loaded with features that you probably won't see on most DVD players out there.  The upconversion works well though I'm not sure the color handling is the best.  The audio controls in the setup are awesome.  People have complained about the disc tray being flimsy/cheap, but I think it's just fine.  It's very quick to load and play.  You may want to keep the remote safely because if you lose or damage it you won't be able to control most of the features.  The HDMI cable that is included with the player is of good quality.  Probably worth around fifty bucks in the market.  Price to performance/features you can't beat this universal DVD player.  Buy one and you'll know 
1 Can't say enough of this machine.  I view all DVD's in HiDef now and that is a BEAUTIFUL thin 
1 I've had this for about a week, and it seems to be working very well. The "autoscan" feature is very nice since I seemed to forget to switch between "city" and "highway" with my older units.The voice prompts are very clear, and the automute keeps the annoying beeps to a comfortable level.I've had several radar detectors over the years, and this one certainly seems to be the best so far. It is also rated very highly in the amgazine articles I found 
1 I have used these batteries in a variety of applications and find they perform very well. Can tell no difference in their performance vs the name brands 
1 This is a direct comparision between the Linksys WUSBF54G and TrendNet 509UB.Both perform as expected when used as a standalone hot spot detector.Both perform as expected on Windows XP. Installation was quirky for both. After driver installation, inserting into USB slot it wasn't recognized at all. Fiddled around for awhile and it finally detected the device. Had to disable the notebook's builtin wireless before XP recognized the device.Client software does not detect a device under Windows Vista Ultimate RC2. I assume this will be true for Windows Vista RTM too. Inserting the device into a Windows Vista RC2 system often completely froze Windows Vista (had to hold down power button for complete reboot). Had to disable the notebook's builtin wireless before Vista recognized the device.Appears that the TrendNet and Linksys devices are so similar that they must be made by the same OEM or reference design. As expected, evaluation results are similar.1. Both devices seem to have same sensitivity, similar to notebook's internal wireless card.2. TrendNet device doesn't have Windows XP signed drivers so an extra click during install is requried. Also installing on new USB ports requires extra clicks.3. TrendNet device supports 801.11a whereas Linksys does not.4. TrendNet device sometimes crashes Vista Ultimate RC2.5. Neither device's software client works under Vista Ultimate RC2. This isn't a deal breaker for me as they both work under Vista Ultimate RC2 networking as a USB wireless key. You just lose the client software feature.6. The Linksys has a somewhat useful backlit LCD, TrendNet does not.7. Both devices work as standalone hotspot locators equal well.8. In hotspot mode, both devices show SSID, channel number, encryption mode, etc.Conclusion: For XP, I recommend the TrendNet so save the extra dollars. For Vista, I recommend the Linksys device as it never crashed Vista Ultimate RC2 whereas TrendNet device was gave occasional freezes 
1 I am so grateful to all the reviewers of this product for convincing me to give it a try.  I have a six-year old Hitachi DVD player, and I lost the remote.  I couldn't play anything without it, because the buttons on the player don't allow me to select any tracks.  The instructions on this remote are incredibly easy.  It found my TV automatically, because it's set for a Sony TV by default.  When I had to locate a code for my DVD player, I got worried-- none of the 3 Hitachi DVD codes listed in the manual worked during the setup process.  But there's a search function to use in that situation, which allows you to scroll through all the codes in the chip's library till one works.  It found one within seconds, and I was up and running.  I think I'm going to buy this as a holiday gift for my siblings so they can get rid of all the remotes scattered around their living rooms 
1 This is simply the best remote you will ever need for all your infarad remotes!  I have a Chinese satallite receiver that I could never get it to work with all other "universal" remotes.  I was able to teach this remote to work with it!  This is a small computer 
1 I almost bought a new phone because it was not working. The ability to purchase this battery saved me some bucks 
1 This is a great TV.  Bought after looking around for months.  Receive HDTV signals, about a dozen without cable box.  The number will continue to rise, but all of the main shows and programs are in HD.  Especially for sports fans almost every broadcast is in HD.  True you will only get about 720P resolution from the broadcast over the air currently, but when the Blue-ray HD movies are out in larger number and at a more reasonable price, this will become the standard.  And this TV has 2 HDMI ports so you are ready to go.  I have had another CRT sharp which I have liked, and this product is no different.  Picture is amazing.  Some analog channels dont look that great, but I am at the point where where I would rather watch whatever is on an HD channel.  Note:  I am in what is considered an upgraded cable section.  The TV has the tuner to receive HD without the box as I have said, but I can't speak to sections that are not "upgraded", so you may want to look into that.  Nice to receive without paying for extra equipment.  
1 If you're considering the ViaMichelin (under $200 GPS), you're probably trying to decide if a GPS that is more than $100 cheaper (much more than $100 in some cases) than its competitors is really any good. Honestly, I would have been skeptical too, however, a relative bought one of these units, and that gave me a chance to get their feedback before I decided to purchase one myself.My brief summary is that Yes, this unit is a good GPS and a great value. After using mine on a trip, I'd have a hard time justifying the more expensive models when this one works fine.Background: my GPS experience is limited to a 7-year old Garmin III Plus. I had to plan detailed trips on my PC using Mapsource, then upload the waypoints and routes to the GPS. It could be a time consuming process, and because the unit wasn't necessarily user friendly, my wife never learned how to use it.Enter the ViaMichelin. We just went on a weekend trip and had a chance to test the unit. Set-up time for the trip was about a minute - all I had to do was program in the street address of our destination.Now for the rundown.First - what it doesn't do well.a) Using it for the past two weeks (as a test only) around my home town, I was a little disappointed.  It never sent me the wrong way, but it didn't always take the best route.  Some of the routing issues were because of very new road construction in the area; and in some cases old "logging" roads are still in the database where new subdivisions have been built; and it may not calculate what my experience dictates to be the better route. Although this was disconcerting at first, I don't think it is a big deal as you'll see later.b) Macro-directions - i.e. for a several hundred mile trip. It will get you there, and if you're taking a route that involves some smaller roads between towns, this would be a good device if you aren't familiar with the route. But my route this weekend was very simple. Get to the interstate and drive. It didn't pick my preferred route to the interstate, and it wanted to route me through a city before putting me on the interstate when you can take a four-lane road for 4 miles to another connection to the interstate. (Although it did recover and finally suggest my route as I stubbornly drove "my way.") So, for a major trip, I'd recommend an internet mapping package for the primary route.  Use this device if you have a lot of mind-numbing turn-by-turn.Now, what it does well:a) voice prompts are great. It doesn't matter that it doesn't say the street names. Turn right in 300 feet is good enough - especially with the map that you can glance at.b) It did great around my destination towns of Charlotte, NC; Gastonia, NC, and Rock Hill, SC.  Did it take the best route as I drove from soccer fields, to hotels, to restaurants?  I don't know since I wasn't familiar with the areas, but the routes seems to be just fine, they got me exactly where I needed to go, and I never had to look at a road map.  And after all, this was the main reason I needed a newer GPS. It passed this with flying colors.c) My wife did some of the set-up while in the car. She'll be using this one on her on very soon.d) We wanted to find a particular restaurant, but didn't have the street address. The restaurant was in the Points of Interest database, and it took us right to it. Also, finding rest stops or nearby dining while traveling on the interstate was great.I also found a feature that was not listed in the 89-page manual.  From the navigation map, if you touch the screen, it has a "bypass route" option. It will give you some distant options (1 mi, 5 mi, etc.) then it will find a bypass route for you. So, if you are approaching road construction or a traffic jam, this will route you off the interstate, take you up the road and bring you back on.  Obviously you could just turn off the interstate and start driving, but then it's going to try to turn you around and/or try to get you back on sooner than you prefer.  The bypass route lets you see where it is taking you by zooming out.In the future, I would like to do a side-by-side comparison w/ a more expensive (borrowed) GPS. Also, after more experience, I'd like to update this review.Bottom line: I am glad I bought this unit. I cannot imagine spending $100-$500 more on a more expensive model. Though the higher priced models may have better features, the value for the extra money just isn't there for me 
1 One of the few of these type of items available on the market. I bought it with great trepidation after reading all the reviews. I had received some free drives from Newegg (Seagate) and needed to house them. This was a no brainer set up. The utility found it immediately without me having to mess around with turning virus protection or firewalls off. (XP pro SP2). The firmware was one rev prior so I updated it - absolutely smooth as silk. Reformatted the drives. I chose the RAID 1 option and ext3 format. I like the fact that you can specify RAID size and the leftover is formatted as striped volume. The drive is fairly solid. The fan is not very noisy. The front slide up access door is a little kludgy. Good user interface. I was also surprised with the speed of transfer especially having chosen RAID and ext3. The only thing I can never get to work and it is 100% MY lack of knowledge is the email alerts. I couldn't get Infrant to do it and same with this one.As an aside I love Amazon and NewEgg. Great retailers both of them 
1 Had mine for over half a year now, and after outstanding abuse it performs as well as the day I bought it.  I fill it and empty it every month, rarely ever defragging it, back up my PC files and play movies right off it on my laptop.  Throw it in my backpack, plug and unplug it all day(hotswaping), still with rarely a sign of slowdown, and it barely gets from cool to warm ever(even when its running from inside my backpack).For some reason requires two usb ports on my new PC (high speed USB2.0 ports) when it shouldn't.  It runs on one port at school just fine and I have switched the y cable with a regular usb cable with 50% success.I'd buy another one of these in a heartbeat if I ever thought the one I have would run itself out.  The fact that it doesn't need an external AC adapter to run on my USB1.1 laptop ports(though it does have a hole for a non-included AC adapter)is a blessing.  I've even used its double usb cord to run my power hog of an external cd-rom drive(my cd-rom AC doesnt work on both sadly).  Might be luck of the draw, HD related items seem to be sometimes, and I've yet to have to try out their customer service.  But overall worth every cent spent(especially since I was looking at a 4GB external for $40 before I saw this). Nearly $1 a gig is a great deal. 
1 This notebook case is a perfect fit for the MacBook, and it is compact enough to fit into larger bags.  It is exactly what I was looking for 
1 This was a perfect fit for my 13" Macbook. Tried a couple cheaper ones, but was never satisfied, usually they were just a bad fit. This is by far the best, holds the computer in place and is light weight. It's true you get what you pay for. One complaint, the extra pocket in front could be larger 
1 I originally bought this CD case for my car, because I listen to CDs the most while driving.  This was not a good case to bring back and forth at all.  It is very large and heavy (even without CDs!), and the long zipper-tail makes it hard to open with one hand.  I now use it to house computer software and playstation/gamecube games.  For what you pay, it is an excellent buy 
1 seems pretty good.  doesnt come with any directions on how to transfer files from your "C" drive into it 
1 This is a great value for money and it is very silent and soen not get hot.  It is also silent and convenient.  It is more flexible with the FAT 32 format it comes in but I preferred the NTFS file format whice is safer and more stable.  It was no problem to reformat to NTFS 
1 This was exactly what I needed & it is very easy to use.  It does a great job of encrypting your data, if that is what you want.  There is plenty of space and it is snap to use with my Mac Powerbook.  I recommend it 
1 This product is fantastic. Great sound with a small footprint. I purchased a JBL On Stage at first and it malfunctioned after only a few days. The CTA product has been great and it cost a lot less than the JBL product 
1 I got the Griffin iTrip to enjoy my iPod in my car, and then I HAD to get a Belkin TuneBase for iPod mini! With the short battery life that is further aggravated when using the iTrip, the TuneBase keeps my iPod charged so that I don't have to plug it into my computer's USB port every night after work 
1 I'm very pleased with my Iriver.  I have tons of room to store all my favorite songs and even sermons!  I do a lot of driving and I listen to it all the time 
1 This is my second iRiver product. The first one was fine but it couldn't survive a trip through the washing machine. This one works well, is easy to navigate through, good sound. The case is rather cheap. The other one was rigid plastic. This case is hard to use and makes it difficult to change the batteries. The software leaves something to be desired so I use Windows Explorer to add songs and rearrange the order. All in all, this is a great little mp3 player 
1 I use this on my MacBook. Works flawlessly to hookup a TV via svideo. OSX handles this supremely well by remembering any video settings that I use when i have it hooked up. Plug it in and video switches to tv settings, unplug it and its back to normal. I use this with dual view mode so that my desktop stays the same always on the macbook, and i just get extra desktop space when I plug the tv in.The quality is quite suprising for s-video, very good.100% must have for anyone that has a nice tv : 
1 It works fine, but it gets really annoying when you're using it with a widescreen Mac and a widescreen TV. The zoom function most plasmas and LCD TVs have is 16:9 aspect ratio, whereas Macs are at 16:10 aspect ratio, so you can either cut off the top and bottom of what you're trying to display, or have massive letter-boxing. After three months, I still haven't had any glitches that were this adapter's fault.If you have HDMI or DVI on your TV or projector, don't bother with this. Go straight to DVI with a Mini-dvi to DVI adapter, then get a DVI to DVI cord or a DVI to HDMI cord 
1 Ya tengo una semana con el y lo recomiendo ampliamente La imagen y la nitidez de este monitor son sobresalientes Con una resolucion de 1680 x 1050 las fotos tomadas con mi camara digital se ven como una imagen real Tiene varios ajustes segun el uso que le quieras dar Viene en espaol 
1 I bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf. I have my TV on it and it's great 
1 Yes, it plays videos (DivX + Windows Media tested so far).Yes, it plays and sorts your photos.Yes, it plays MP3s and sorts them by their ID3 tags (artist/genre/album/etc.).Yes, it comes with a good TV audio/video out cable (letting you use the Zen like a high-def digital video player).Yes, you can download your CompactFlash card directly onto the Zen hard drive.Yes, it syncs with your Outlook tasks and calendar.  Wha?  Yeah.  It's hidden in there too.  Along with an MP3 alarm clock.If you're going on vacation with a digital camera anytime soon, this is the multi-tool for you.  Leave the laptop at home.  The Zen has plenty of battery life and plenty of room for music, movies and photos to keep you moving for days when you're unwired from the office 
1 ...I have been using this drive for a few months now and have no complaints.  One of my laptops only has a USB 1.x port and it is incredibly slower for backups.  That has no reflection on this product, but be ready for things to work slowly unless you have USB 2.x and don't blame it on this drive.  : 
1 This product is perfect for anyone who has a thumb drive but no lanyard or other item already attached to it.  I could not find anything like this at any of the big stores i.e. Circuit City, HH Gregg, etc.  I hopped online and found this right away...thanks 
1 I love the Sling Media Slingbox Tuner!  The install was very easy just as they had said on the reviews.  The quality of picture is just as good as on my Cable TV.  I have a great processor with the highest internet speed I could get though my cable so that may contribute to the good quality picture and color I get with it and may also be the reason I have had no problems with doing computer work and watching the screen at the same time. Plue my shipment from Amazon was in 2 days!  You rock Amazon! 
1 I am very pleased with the Brother P-Tough QL-500.  The printing lables are a good price for the quantity you get.  
1 I BOUGHT THIS LIKE A IPOD BUT ITS BETTER I HAVE ABOUT 20 MOVIES ON IT AND ABOUT 500 SONGS AND SOME PHOTO'S AND STILL HAVE 50 GIGS LEFT. THE ONLY HANG UP IS YOU STILL HAVE TO GO PAY ANOTHER 20.00 TO GET THE PLUG-IN DOWNLOAD THAT LETS YOU SHOW MOST OF THE MOVIES. THEY SAY IT CAN DO ALL THIS STUFF BUT NOT WITH OUT DOWNLOADS AND SOME ADD ON'S ONCE YOU GET ALL THAT THERE ARE HOURS OF FUN TO BE HAD. 
1 Excellent product - very ergonomic, easy to set up and use! Wireless works great.I would recommend this product 
1 I like to a lot this product, and I work very well and also has a low price, to obtain this is a good offer for who buys it 
1 So far this seems to be an extremely effective (and inexpensive) way to store pictures captured with a multi-mega pixel digital camera. The sevice provided by this company shipping-wise was very fast. All-in-all a great deal 
1 After all the hype on-line about the T-amp, I had to check it out for myself.  All the reports are true!  This is one hot little audio amp which can not be touched for the price.  If you have a portable audio device and two speakers you need to drive with it - this amp is for you.  You will not be disappointed.  I recommend purchasing the AC power supply as well.  You can find others cheaper, but the recommended one works perfectly and insures the warrantee for the T-amp remains valid 
1 Great sound form small box.Nice platform for tweaking.Good power needed 
1 Ha sido una buena compra, es un procesador rapido y efeciente en las tareas multimedia 
1 I purchased this as an extra phone so I could access both phone lines on the second floor of my house. Well-built with hold and 3-way conferencing features, sound quality is good and it has selectable ring levels for each line. Powered from the phone line, no external power is used. One drawback: the line indicator doesn't light when the line is being used by other phones in the house. 
1 After reading several reviews of this product I was skeptical about buying this cable.  I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my PS2 but I was not sure about paying the price for these when the Sony cables are about half the cost of the Monster Cables.  The reviewers commenting on the cable not fitting into the PS2 properly and the component connectors being too tight to fit onto the TV almost discouraged me from even buying this product.  I decided to bite the bullet and purchase these cables for my PS2.  I am very happy that I decided to buy these cables.  The cable connector fits perfectly into my PS2, better than the connector on my original Sony cables even.  The connectors fit nicely onto my TV, they are snug but not too tight.  I believe they fit snuggly onto the component jacks on my TV because of the 8-cut turbine connector, which fits better than a standard RCA plug.  The video and audio from my PS2 is unbelievable.  My PS2 pushes the video signal to my 32" LCD HD TV at 480i with these cables.  With my stock composite cables the graphics in my games were grainy and sometimes blurry.  Now the graphics are crisp and clear and I only wish I would have bought these sooner.  The display from my PS2 and games fits nicely onto my TV in widescreen now too, before the picture was not centered on my TV and sometimes parts of my game screens would be off the screen.  I would recommend these cables to anyone who wants to improve the video and sound quality of their PS2 over the stock Sony cables.  There are other Monster Cable versions for the PS2 available so choose the one that is right for you, but if you want something that is moderately priced, don't need digital audio via fiber, and the next best thing to HDMI than this is the cable for you.  I am going to get the Monster component cables for my PS3 next so I will be able to hook it up when I don't have HDMI available for it to use.One more thought, be sure to change the video output on your PS2 from RGB to Y Cb/Pb Cr/Pr in the system configuration before hooking up your PS2 with these cables or it may not work.  My TV told me the connection was not supported and I did not have video output until I changed the video output setting on my PS2 
1 I wanted something to use while mowing the lawn without emptying my bank account.  Cuts the lawnmower noise to a tolerable level, and the sound quality is decent.  Headphones are comfortable and adjust easily.  Unit collapses down to a more manageable size for transportation.  Good battery life 
1 Yep everything is very cool...clarity...etc..but they should do something about clipping in the head of laptop..it is just dancing while I keep it on laptop. 
1 Recently bought this receiver to replace a dead one.  There isn't really anything special about this receiver, but it a solid one.  The two year warranty tells me they stand by their product, in case of a problem (hopefully I won't need to use the warranty).  It gives good, clean power and sound.  Don't let the 75W/channel fool you.  This is a high current receiver and it has a good amount of power.  Time will tell, however, how well this receiver performs.  Also, for the price Amazon was selling for, I couldn't pass it up. 
1      Unit installed in seconds with no false starts or headaches of any kind. The base is wide and heavy and when placed on a mouse pad doesn't move around at all, even when I get a little too "into" my flight sim games. One can't beat the price either. For flying prop planes, I am very saisfied with the performance 
1 First time I've ever written a review.  I'm not a high tech type, and sometimes it's nothing but frustration for me to deal with high tech stuff.  This remote was a breeze to program, and works fantastic.  My wife and daughter are even less high tech and love it.  Any problems with use, just press "help" and the remote with ask you questions and correct the problem.  Highly recommended 
1 I bought this CD player to use in my car and it has worked beautifully!  When you consider what a fine CD player it is, and the incredibly low price, it is most certainly a Best Buy! 
1 Plenty of room for my Creative Zen Nano player, ear buds and spare battery. I only wish for something other than BLACK! It is easy to misplace 
1 Works as advertised and works really well. I purchased it to provide a serial port for a Virtual windows machine running inside Mac OS X. I used to have issues with other products, but not this one. 
1 This cartridge is very light, easy to install and allows the printer to print out very good quality, durable black ink on the page. It is competitively priced and stores for about a year after you buy it so if you want to stock up for your office or personal printing needs that's great! (It even comes with an expiration date!) HP also packs it well so that it is difficult for the cartridge to become damaged during transit. One thing that I didn't like, however, is that the ink can go quickly. If you print a lot, you might even need to replace this cartridge every ten days or so. My needs are about 20 pages per week and I have to change the cartridge roughly every five to six weeks. That's not good; although to be fair to this HP ink cartridge I am printing graphics. Four stars (well, maybe three and one half stars) for being great ink in an easy to manage and install cartridge. It loses points for not lasting longer. 
1 Needed the adapter to charge my Shuffle, since the AC adapter I have is one of those older Apple ones with the Firewire connector. Suits my needs perfectly.No experience with any sound docks, however, so I can't comment on the performance flaws other people have brought up 
1 Great headphones for running! They fit my ears perfectly and I don't have to worry about foam anymore. 
1 Plugged right in and worked like a charm. No software to configure. Great buy. Great product 
1 Portable, easy to use with any chip and really nice pix. I love being able to print from digital files on my ipod 
1 I've been struggling with heat issues for quite some time with my gaming PC and have gone through numerous fans and combinations trying to find a way to keep it cool.  I had just about resigned myself to just running with the case open all the time until I bought this.  After shuffling my PCI cards around so as to allow a space between this and my 6800 Ultra I fired the machine up (and closed the case! ;-) and did some gaming, all the while keeping an eye on the temperature of the card.  This fan easily dropped the temperature on the card 5-7 degrees celsius when the graphics are running full bore.. once the chaos on the screen starts to subside, the cooling is even better.  As an added bonus, this will cool the card down quick once you exit your game.  I thought for sure that I would have to trade off cooling for a lot more noise and I was surprised to find that I had to listen for it in order to hear it.  About the only complaint I have on this is that the fan speed is manual with a slider on the back (which I knew when I bought it) so it is not temperature sensitive.  Still deserves 5 stars though 
1 Just purchased earbuds at target.  Excellent sound quality, expected that much due to a previous of full headphones.  Even better once you find the right adjustable tip to fit your ear.  Well worth my 100 dollars, granted, I've only had them 5 to 10 minutes, but I won't be returning them any time soon 
1 Bought it for my wife and she loves it. It keeps track of where you were and restarts from there. The display is small (no fancy menus like Ipod)but works well. Sound is excellent.Be sure to install the drivers and software. The software is small, simple and EASY to use - or you can just COPY/PASTE files onto it.If you DON'T install the drivers it only works at USB 1.1 speeds and takes a LOT longer to load songs. With drivers you get full 2.0 speeds 
1 I've never had a problem with these DVDs.  They burn and play perfectly and I've never had a problem printing on them.  What's particularly nice about these is the printable area goes all the way to the hole.  It doesn't sound like a big deal but it makes for nicer looking DVDs.  By the way, I use an Epson Stylus Photo R300 to print great photos and DVDs 
1 This Bluetooth remote device works as advertized with my Apple notebook.  Be sure to insert the Bluetooth card all the way into the printer slot before you begin.  I thought mine was in far enough at first, but it really wasn't.  One caveat:  I was hoping that the Bluetooth signal would be strong enough to enable printing from the next room, but it's not.  Also new users should know that they can set up their computer to handle both Bluetooth and cable at the same time 
1 Works well for my mac and BT enabled Sony Ericsson phone.  Other than the built in drivers for the printer in Mac OSX, support for options within the card and printer are non-existant.  Still cant figure out how to manually force a realignment of the cartridges.. 
1 Length of ownership: 8 weeksThis puppy really reaches out. My laptop's internal intel/pro wireless sees about 6 networks but with the Hawking dish a typical haul is 20 networks. Thanks to some friendly neighbors I've said goodbye to my paid isp and now enjoy casual and free internet connections, and until metrofi completes its set up of free city-wide wifi I'll get by with that thanks to this neat Hawking device.Unless I need the next and more expensive step up for such wifi booster devices I hope the Hawking dish proves durable..after all it's been just 2 months of ownership so far, albeit good ones.Note: For me this device has not seemed very directional in that it will pick up off-beam signals fairly well. Also, placement by a window will help your reception 
1 I purchased the Hawking HWU8DD on the recommendation of several other RVers. WiFi signals at RV parks tend to be unreliable. Until now, the built-in antenna on my laptop could "see" the signal at my park but could not access it. As soon as I installed the software and connected the Hawking antenna via USB port, I immediately accessed my campground's signal.  The Hawking antenna has solved a major problem for me. 
1 These were double the price on another site! My little girl LOVES these speakers! She is using them with her pc.my ONLY complaint and it's my complaint and not my lil girl's...is that the sound quality is poor.  Obviously, not the speakers to get for real sound quality...but kids love them 
1 My doctor recommended getting a wrist support when using my computer because I had previous carpal tunnel surgery.Ilove the way it comforts the wrist.The gel inside is different than other gel pads I had in the past.It really does give great support and comfort.It can prevent future problems for your wrist.Iam glad Amazon carries it 
1 This product with the assoicated software (included) is everything you hope it is but really don't believe it will be.  The x-ray glasses you saw advertized in the back of the comic book when you were a kid cost you $1.50 to learn a lesson why you should be skeptical.  The Garmin is the real deal.  I bought it for my son (a high school state (Indiana)level miler).  When he took off for his first workout and got home an hour later, he uploaded his entire workout onto the computer and low and behold his whole course with speeds, times, street names, etc., showed up on our computer, starting with the satallite photograph of our patio!!!!  
1 I just made a long trip from Miami, Florida, all the way to S. Carolina, with a Explorist XL loaded with DirectRoute V3, everything worked just fine, I installed the software, unlock It, upload the maps, all with out any problems, the unit was very fast and accuracy didn't need to keep it over the dashboard, from inside the vehicle worked very well, never took more than a minute to track all satellites, the street route where very accurate, never  got lost, working with POI's was very simple, didn't have any problem handling very large maps I really recommend this unit 
1 I gave my mother-in-law my old Color SporTrack so she could start Geocaching.  I was in search of a handheld unit with a bigger brighter screen.  This unit is it. Although it is large, it has features I like: AA batteries (19 hours?, we'll see), easy menu navigation, USB connection to a PC and a rugged case.I am an engineer so am kind of picky about user interfaces, etc.  I have sent in a list of problems I have found with the menu navigation. All of them can be worked around, but it doesn't work the way I think they intended.  It will be interesting to see if Magellan gets back to me and eventually provides a new version of FW (I am using 1.05).After doing a lot of research about Megllan SW (mostly negative), I decided to go ahead and purchase the Mapsend DirectRoute v.3 DVD. I found it acceptable and have had no real problems using it. One nit, the files it creates are very small.  You need to edit a text file in the Magellan directoy to allow it to save and download larger files. But once you get the maps downloaded to your unit (very straight forward), the menus change to indicate turning direction.  Thus, it is getting closer to a crossover unit.  Interestingly, Magellan will offer a new unit called the "Crossover" (available January 2007). The specs are pretty sparse on the Magellan web page 
1 Does the job nicely. I am not an audiophile so I dont get into the nit picking when it comes to speaker wire. Just tell me what gauge to use and I do it. Seemed high quality to me 
1 This bag is very good.  The outside phone jack is a plus.  The only negative - hard to access the other DVD's when in use 
1 Arrived on time and is perfect for using headphones and speakers at the same time. 
1 I also purchased this product because of the quality of the receiver made by Sony. This 7.1 channel Home Theater with HDMI passthrough is a great machine that money can buy. If you are looking for quality, surround sound in your livingroom, or your own Home Theater, this s the product you should invest in. This is a great investment for me. I am glad I found it in Amazon 
1 The Lexar JumpDrive Lightning 2GB flash drive has very impressive performance ratings of 160X (24MB/sec) sustained Read and 120X (18MB/sec) sustained Write speed capability.  This is one of the very few USB drives that lists the Read/Write speed capabilities.The "reality" of flash drives is that the smaller the file size, the slower the transfer rate will be.I ran some tests with the Lightning to see what the transfer rate and the elapsed time is for groups of various file sizes:* 433MB	 784 medium files, avg. 550KB	12X	4 min. 3 sec. * 483MB   81 large files, avg. 6MB      54X	59 seconds * 1GB	   1 very large file           115X	58 secondsSo, even though the Write speed capability of the Lightning is 120X, the transfer rate drops to 12X with medium size files, which is fairly "real-world" usage.  But, don't let that dissuade you from considering the Lightning:  The higher the "speed capability" of the device, the better the transfer rate will be and the less time it will take to transfer those smaller files. To prove this point, I took one of my "great deal" CF cards (that had no speed ratings) that tops out at 36X Read / 7X Write, and ran two of the same tests: * 433MB	784 medium files   3X	15 min. 10 sec. * 483MB	 81 large files    7X	 7 min. 48 sec.So, compared to the Lightning, the "great deal!" card took nearly 4 times longer to Write the medium files and 8 times longer to Write the large files.  So, which is the better deal when you use the device over and over and over...Whether you are shopping for a card or a stick for digital cameras or a USB flash drive, if the performance numbers are not specified, BEWARE!  What you might think is a great deal may get you a device with very poor performance that you will regret purchasing.  I know, I have several in my drawer.So, my bottom-line advice is:  Look for the highest-rated device you can find.  Flash devices will last a looong time and our file sizes and amount of data will only grow!  So "future-proof" your purchase by shopping for a high-rated and large capacity for now and the future.(I have no relationship with Lexar or the Flash memory industry. 
1 This is a solid device, and I like the included software for burningb dvd as well as c 
1 I haven't had any problems using this DVD/CD burner over Firewire on a G4 iMac running Mac OSX Tiger. In fact, setting the drive up was easier than what was recommended in the manual; it was truly plug-and-play.Minor quibbles: the open/close button is hard to reach when the disc tray is extended, the black plastic face of the drive looks cheesy compared to the cool aluminum case, and only the Lite version of Toast 6 is included.Bottom line: I would buy this burner again, given my experiences using it 
1 The product works great. What i didn't like was not having the attachment to charge the battery in my home. It only came with the cigarette lighter power source. I had to purchase the other power source seperately. I also had purchased the 3000 model previously and it came with both power sources. Why is that 
1 the cam is good...it has a special feature to show the person/object by automatic adjustment...and a very good part abt it is, it has a built in mike and helps a lot.. 
1 Bought these stands after much research, was looking for a good stand at a fair price. These serve the purpose. Great stand , great price. 
1 I bought this SD card and took some 100 snaps out of it.The card is really fast with my canon A510 camera.Reading takes a slightly longer time than writing.I would recommend this card to anyone.Actually this card outperforms the 16MB MMC supplied with the camera.Also the 256MB card will hold upto 200 (may be lesser) 3.2MP pictures. 
1 I purchased this card a month ago. I use it on my Dell Axim X3i. So far it has been fully compatible, fast, and flawless. I haven't owned another PDA or SD card so I can't give you a first-hand benchmark. But I can say that accessing the card is quick and I have not had any skips while playing my music files. The 256MB is good for the price if you wait for Amazon to drop their price in conjunction with the manufacturer's rebate 
1 I got my replacement battery and put into the computer.  The date started working whenever the computer is off and I haven't had any problems 
1 the Klipsch igroove can go toe to toe with the more expensive bose sound wave all day long. I researched dockable ipod / mp3 players for a few months before I decided on this one for my wife's office. I'm fussy when it comes to quality audio equipment, the I-grove does not disappoint. It provides room filling sound with no distorion. I listened to it extensively before wrapping it up for xmas to make sure it had the quality I insist on. It delivered.Another bonus with the Klipsch is it's ability to accomodate other mp3 players and / or personal compact disc players.I'm completely satisfied with my purchase of the Klipsch i-Groove. 
1 I'm sure these earphones work and sound fine but I was looking for something softer/smaller for my apparently small earholes.  : 
1 I bought one for a relative last Christmas. Saw how convenient and easy it was to program. So I bought one for myself this March. It works just great.The setup software programs the 670 easily and the Logitech remote replaces the remotes for a HDTV, a DVD Home Theater A/V Receiver, a DishHD DVR Receiver, and a Psyclone PSC01 Source Selector.  One button click now setups all those devices to the right status for a particular entertainment activity. I like the color screens and icons on the higher end  Logitech remotes .. but the discrete placement of buttons on the 670 is much more practical for me to use. Function wins forms this time round.All is not rosy though. Added the Sony PS3 to the   entertainment arena.  The Bluetooth requirements of the PS3 leaves it out of the IR RF remotes inner circle. Consider this  if you need a combined solution for Infra Red  RF as well as Bluetooth devices. ( The Sony PS3 is deliberately left powered on so it is not an issue in this case). Fully backlit is a signifcant bonus..none of the replaced remotes had adequate backlit features. Short version: This cool tool really works and should satisfy most. Think "out of the box" though if you have a Sony PS3 tied into your entertainment network. ..click 
1 My wife and I have maybe a dozen or so devices connected via WiFi spread throughout our four-bedroom home. Among these were an Avaya 4610SW SIP (VOIP) phone and a PC serving as an Asterisk server (Asterisk is an open source PBX). This configuration has worked well for a couple of years now. In the past few months I've been having occasional disconnects of VOIP calls coming in to Asterisk from the PSTN. After some investigation, I decided to move my phone and server off WiFi and onto a HomePlug network, using the electrical wiring as another Ethernet. The hardest part of the installation was freeing up an electrical outlet in my second-floor office where my phone is, in the basement where the server is, and in the family room on the first floor where the LinkSys WiFi router/access point is located. After that, it was just a matter of plugging in an Ethernet cable from the Netgear box to the router, and moving the Ethernet cables from the WiFi boxes for the phone and server to the Netgear boxes. It was that simple.[...]I wish all high-tech equipment were this easy to install 
1 I purchased this for my teenager to use with her IPod Nano. I shopped around for a while before I finally decided on this one because it came with losts of accesories and she uses it everyday all the time and says it works perfectly. I've only had it for a month but it's holding up in the hands to a teen and no complaints so far. 
1 We love the card scanner, it's the best. Everyone who is a recruiter should have one it saves time and space 
1 I have, and have had, lots of SW radios including a number of Sonys.  This is one of their many gems.  Great perfomance, lots of memories and snazzy look. Good for travel (certainly not as compact as the SW100, of course).  A great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio, and don't want to spend very much. Good for listening, and good for DXing while traveling.  Look no further 
1 Good job making a sturdy case that does not add too much bulk to a very thin device.  My major fear was that this would make my 1955 too thick and I would not use it.  It is just right and great protection for my 1955 - by the way I replaced a 4150 with this 1955 and case because my daughter accidently sat on my 4150 and broke the screen.  It is a great piece of protection 
1 I bought this phone and three expansion handsets about a year ago and couldn't be happier.  The phones have the clarity of a corded phone.  The built in intercom system is perfect.  The phones allow you to "name" the handsets as we did (Kitchen, Basement, Bedroom, etc) so you can page based on location rather than remembering numbers.  They have a reliable and effective speakerphone built in, as well as jacks for headset (though the speakerphone seems to make this unnecessary.One problem with these phones is the batteries.  In the year that we have had them, the battery life on all of the phones has degraded severely.  Often my wife would be on conference calls for one to two hours, and we would go through all four phones.  Leave a phone off the charger and in a day it's useless.  The only solution was to replace the batteries (which was significantly cheaper and easier than buying new phones and re-programming all the phone numbers).  I recommend the Energizer ER-P240, which is a Nickel-Metal Hydride battery and won't develop the Ni-Cad memory effect.I love that the base station has a place for 4 AAA batteries so that the system can still be used during a power outage 
1 What can I say, it's an ink cartridge. You get a lot of pages out of it, its great quality, and thats about it 
1 I can't describe this MP3 with words "great"It's more than great.It fits my pocket, and it's music quality is great.My sister and I bought this incredible MP3 with doubts but, it is more than great.If somebody is considering buying an MP3, I strongly recommend to buy this iRiver.Thank you, thank you, thank you 
1 These speakers can almost hit any range of sound, but if anything they are a little weak on the bass side.  They put out very crisp sound for my system.  You might want to add a sub to them for complete range sound 
1 If you're looking at this page you probably already know a lot about HP calculators.  Chances are you either had a 32SII and don't want to go the Ebay route or wanna slim down from that 48/49 series because you don't really need that extra functionality.  Is the 33S perfect?  No, not by a long ways, but it's the best thing we've got.  If you want a new scientific RPN calculator this is it.   
1 This battery will transform your Epson PictureMate Deluxe Viewer Edition from a nifty little photo printer into an absolute Must Have item ! I take it with me when ever I'm doing an off-site photo shoot, or even when I'm out for a weekend shooting candids. The portability you get by adding this battery to the printer is priceless. I have printed as many as 40 photos on one charge. 
1 Not so many words to talk about this item, but let me tell you that now I always use my rino turned on, in my car. baterie drain its no more cash pain!**Good things:-comes with a led(small light) that turns on with diferent colors(red green yellow) so you could know if your rino its turned on or of or disconected.-large cable(for a car, you could use youre rino in the back seat even conected in the front of the car)**bad thingsjust a bad ending quality, it looks like a adapter of 2.99bucks, but I had owned it for more than a year and cero problems.pvpaco@gmail.co 
1 I have had this item for about 6 weeks.  Haven't used to a lot, but so far I like it.  This power inverter is smaller and looks nicer than my old one, which was stolen out of my car along with a few other things.It has one electrical outlet, and above that is a cigarette lighter outlet, so if you have other devices that need that kind outlet you can use them while this power inverter is plugged in.  The plug fits kind of loosely in my cigarette lighter outlet, but I don't know if that's the plug or the outlet on my car.  The only thing I don't like about this item is the "no tangle" cord.  Its one of those coiled up cords, like a telephone cord (look at the picture of the item).  The cord is long enough that it could stretch to the backseat, but if I were to try this it would pull the plug out of the outlet.  Its coiled so tight that I couldn't really put it anywhere that would require the coil to be stretched.  It just annoys me that they call it a 36" cord.  For practical use not more than probably 18", but I don't have the item right in front of me to measure it.I'll still give this item 5 stars.  4.5 if Amazon allowed 1/2 stars.  
1 How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the century. Nobody is moving and you can tell it's going to be a while. It would make sense to brush up on those reports or your presentation while you're stuck, but who wants to eat up the battery on their laptop right before a presentation? This inverter allows you to plug in your laptop into your car - just like a wall outlet - no worries, work off your car's alternator instead of your battery and catch all your typos before you get to your appointment 
1 It was up and running in 15 minutes. Had to order WiFi adapter to get program updates - got it and it installed automatically. I would buy it again 
1 This might be the best thing Apple has ever made, it works perfectly with my Mac Book Pro and my PCs. The security is awsome and it has great range with easy instalation. After many flaws with my Lynksys, I took the risk with this and it was worth it. I have NEVER had a problem with this 
1 Seems sturdy, however, it did not fit my TV. Will not fit Samsung LNS 4692D 
1 I bought this for my new Sony Ericson W300i phone so that i could actually put some music on the phone. It came with a MS pro adapter which is nice because I have a slot on my computer for that. It is fast and just what I wanted 
1 This thing is selling in the Best Buy with $53.33 + tax. I bought that in here for under $40 with free super saver shipping in Jan. It's working very well until now with my SonyEricsson K800i 
1 Which was Nomadland.  The Bono-pod is beautiful.  However the inconsistency of the iPod itself is a nightmare.  I've had it just over a month now and it has started to randomly skip songs.  It's apparently a known problem with several models of the device, with no particular fix.  Great.  
1 This is an exact replacement for the high quality, precision made suction cup mount that comes packaged with the Nuvi unit. Unlike many such suction cup products, this one sticks. I bought an extra for ease in "cross-decking" my one Nuvi unit between my two cars. I just leave the mounts in place on the windshields of both cars and move the Nuvi and power cord to whichever car I am using at the moment. A good convenience. Note that I attach this mount to the windshield. I have not tried the red-disc mounting plate that allows the mount to be attached to a pebbly-textured dashboard... I was scared off by the warning that ones you attach the red disk it is extremely hard to remove. 
1 This has been an excellent purchase.  Well worth the price. Excellent color and clarity 
1 It was great that the Nikon D8 purchase included a SanDisk MicroMate with USB connection 
1 As of 2007 most of the bugs mentioned in the other reviews are fixed. The ipod fits snug as a bug in my unit and it even charges it.Youu can even find this as low as $140 or chaper.  Im not sure why the bad reviews.This is a wonderful dvd player and the newer one i got even plays your ipod through your tv if you want..older versions did not allow this. You should buy this.The video quality isnt great, but good,  thats why i gave it four stars instead of five It is bulky but you need room for the ipod to plug in. the only bad side is no ipod naviation from the menu. you must use the ipod itself..But being able to play your ipod and dvd through any tv with rca jacks (audio/video) is great..i can now backup my purchased ipod items to dvd since i have an eyetv250 which allows you to use your computer as a tv. the eyetv has rca jacks on the device which allows me to record it to my harddrive which i then use toast to burn my dvd..all in all its completely worth it. even as a stand alone dvd player it's great..never had the first proble 
1 This router functions great in the household environment.  It is VERY easy to install and security is equally as easy to set. 
1 This keyboard is the best i've ever used. The backlight is excellent and the keys just have that unique touch that just soothes your fingers. Great and cool design. i recommend this keyboard all the way! Im typing on it right now by the way. 
1 What can I say, I got a code at Chrismas time through the Amazon promotion and got this tv for $200. It's perfect for a master bedroom set and the picture is great. Why spend so much more than the regular Amazon price for a more expensive brand when you can get this tv? No problems and it works wonderfully! Great deal, with free shipping even! Time and again, Amazon is great 
1 I purchase this on Amazon for $499 no tax & free shipping. You can not match this quality at this price. The HD with HDMI cable using Comcast digital box is outstanding. The sound is also better with the HDMI vs componet cables. The jacks are hard to connect in the back of the set and you need to set the picture to manuel mode. The picture is to red on the preset modes and looks like there is too much color. I looked at Samsung for $800 and I am glad I saved myself $300 with this LCD 
1 I use an i-Pod mini in my car.  It is in the center console where it connects to the auxillary input.  I used to have to open the console to make changes or turn it on or off.  The air click allows me to do all of that with the remote that I leave in a tray outside the console.  It works just as it is supposed to with no problems at all.  It solved my problem and I am a very satisfied customer.  
1 I have my iPod hooked up to the stereo on my motorcycle. The iPod stays tucked away in a safe place, and the remote gets strapped to the handlebar. All the needed functions are now at my fingertips. I can lock the iPod control pad, so it doesn't accidentally get bumped.I also use the Griffin FM transmitter. Nice, but not nearly as slick as the remote. I can't use them both at the same time, but I don't need to 
1 This one of those products your girlfriend wonders why you are wasting your money on, that turns out to make life so much easier.  It has allowed me to leave my ipod in my backpack on my way to work, and go through security to get into work, all without having to open my bag.  The remote has a velcro strap that I use to attach to the shoulder strap of my back pack.  I am able to start and stop tunes and change the volume without needing to pull the ipod out.  My only complaint was that the headphone jack should have a strap or something to help keep the headphones in all the way and the device could also have a strap.  As the device is made for active people it would be nice to know that everything would stay connected, because when things do come undone, you do have to open your bag and put it all back together and that defeats the point of having the air click. 
1 This was a great buy, Item was as described. A++++++++++ 
1 The item works as I expected. I received within the tiem offered by the seller. I'll buy again from this merchant 
1 After having my GPS come loose (barrel pin failure) on more than one occasion I decided to give this a try. I've now used this on a 2 month MTB tour of Nepal and Tibet. Held my Forerunner 301 securely on hundreds of miles of washboard, technical singletrack, etc. Also withstood countless grabby children and curious bystanders in numerous villages. You do NOT have to remove the wrist band to use it with the mount. I love the reassuring "snap" when it locks into the mount, and the wrist strap functions as a safety back up - although it never came loose from the mount on me. Convenient release allows you to remove it quickly and easily. My only very minor complaint is you have to remove the GPS from the mount to charge it.It fit perfectly on my 1" (25.6mm) diameter bars.Like it so much I just ordered the "oversize" mount for my motorcycle. 
1 Very good product. You do need to use help menue for instructions because the paperwork that comes with it doesn't tell you a lot.Overall I'm having fun using this product 
1 I bought this in lieu of the Fuji counterpart which was out of stock in Amazon. Since the Fuji Finepix E900 runs on AA batteries and its AC powercord/supply is an option one has to buy, this reader is a cheap, quick and even more portable alternative for downloading pix to my Mac 
1 I'd been using wireless for gaming for the past 3 months and always had lag problems even if the latency said it was around 50. I got the set of these and they work awesome. Just plug one into an outlet next to your pc and one next to your router. Run the cat5 cables from one to the pc and one to the router and you are all set. Now I can do my gaming without the lag I got from wireless and have yet to have any problem with these. These are truly plug and play. Now if only they were a little cheaper 
1 I purchased the LJ3390 to replace an existing LJ3320.  The $350 rebate available until the end of Oct was the deciding factor as it made the unit a very reasonable purchase.My main interest in the upgrade was to purchase a network connected printer.  Duplex print capability was the other factor that tipped the scale in favour of the LJ3390 over the LJ3052.I now have 3 desktop and 2 laptop printers all printing successfully.  All run XP SP2 and are either connected via a wired or wireless network connection.  Software installation went flawlessly.While I can't comment about HP versus other vendor software, I can say that the LJ3390 software is a major improvement over that of my LJ3320.  Scanning is faster by at least a factor of 2X, quite likely more like 3-4X.  Printing of complex pages is also much faster, exactly what I would expect from a newer generation print engine and an HP Laserjet printer.All in all I am very pleased that I upgraded.  It has met all my upgrade goals.  Printing is faster, scanning is much faster.  The network connectivity ensures anyone can print without another machine being forced to be a print server and constantly left on.  I haven't played with the fax side yet, but am hoping this finally let's me retire my trusty standalone fax machine. 
1 MVSV3 Gives excellent color with a vivirant and vivid feel.     Deffinently a high porformence wire in its class,and worth the buy 
1 This unit is battery powered and mine arrived with a dead battery, however, replacing that was quick and easy although irritating. After installation and use for a while, I noticed the unit also got rid of some direct dialed calls as well as computer generated calls. If you don't speak immediately after pickup, the telemarketer hears the tone and hangs up! Great Item.. 
1 I bought the Telezapper from John Whitaker and it was delivered in 3ays. It didn't work so I contacted John and he told me to return it and he would test and if it didn't work he would send me a new one . He was good to his word and promptly send sent one that worked. He's the best:)Ben. Rodrigue 
1 Works as it should. It's enough for my needs and handles simultaneous activity on all ports well. Not an unbearable dropoff in performance while say, transferring huge files to an external hard drive, while burning a DVD, and fiddling with the iPod. If you're like me and you need your laptop to do a little more without adding to desk clutter uneccesarily, this should suit you fine 
1 This product is simple to use and has all of the functionality I need while presenting 
1 Got 3 of them a few months ago, and buying another one now.  Excellent product, fits many different plug types. No flaws. 
1 I agree with Max.  Don't use those inferior cables that come with your DVD player.  I just bought a DVD player and immediately got these Monster cables to connect between the TV and DVD.  Image quality is the best I can get on my 20&quot; TV, really cool 
1 I received this product from an Amazon.com seller for 1/2 the price of what Best Buy was selling it for. It was new and in an unopened box. Upon opening the box I was able to tell right away that it was built very good.  The hinges for the outer antenna sections are very sturdy and once locked in the open position were not going anywhere.  I had spent over $300 for a Runco antenna for my Runco projector for local HD (DirecTV does not have local HD in my area) and even with perfect mounting position outside was only getting at best 80% reception with it.  This antenna with a similar design the the Runco model is built better and I get between 94-98% reception depending on the channel (directional antenna so reception varies slightly).  I was also amazed with the fact that I not only get local channels for Youngstown Ohio, but I also get locals with over 60% reception from Cleveland (direction antenna is facing) but also Pittsburgh (which is on opposite side of house about 60 miles away and in opposite direction antenna is facing).  Great product and no issues with it so far.  The included booster works better than the one built into my DirecTV receiver, so I advise hooking antenna up straight to your ant in on the back of your projector (if it has a built in HD tuner) or TV for best results 
1 I've had mine for 10 months now and it's been very reliable; not one problem with it. It's quick to print out the first page, the display is a monochrome LCD with a backlight so you can see in dark spaces (say, if you keep it under a counter), no paper jams, no nonsense. Also, if you're an Apple owner the drivers are already included with OS X; truly plug n print. What's a real treat is to combine it with an Apple Airport Express and use Apple's Bonjour software to easily convert it to a wireless network printer. Bonjour is available for both OS X and Windows computers, and is a breeze to install. I highly recommend if you're in the market for a multifuntion monochrome laser printer machine that is compatible with both Windows and Mac OS 
1 I bought this for my daughters Sansa e230 mp3 player and could not be more satisfied. I was leary of the price, but this unit is worth every penny. Recharges your player and has awesome sound for the size, while plugged in or with batteries. No regrets about this purchase 
1 The reception is much better than my old antenna, however, I was expecting instructions to be included with the antenna.  After some time I figured out how to hook up the tv and vcr to the antenna 
1 I am quiet satisfied with the T10. 3 cons: no reset button, AA battery type (I prefer litium ion) , primitive menu.3 Pros: mp3 + voice record + fm radiogood sound qualitybelt clipOverall success: 80 % 
1 I owned a Bose wave radio for a number of  years. The price was well beyond my financial means, but I made the sacrifice, and I'm very glad I did. The sound defied belief, and  I was very pleased. You will be, too. Forget the detractors herein. They know nothing, like the "reviewer" who listened to AM Radio. If the sound of frying eggs is appealing to you, then, any radio will suffice. But if a clear sound is what you're going for, then go buy a Bose Wave Radio! You'll be glad you did. I know that I am 
1 Bought this to convert PAL Hi-8 (Canon) purchased years ago in Singapore for Mac (PowerBook G4, Tiger OS-X) nonlinear editing. Worked perfectly the first time, only needed to set a single switch to select PAL. No need for software drivers etc. Happily plugged and played with the Mac and the camcorder.Acceptable price for the features and ease of use. 
1 Installation time was only about 20 min. Hook up the Digital and analog cables, and it configures itself. It took me a while to decide which resolution to use that was best for me, but once I found it, I was really pleased with the size and clarity. Music composition is much easier with the big screen. One small con was the stand is not adjustable, but it fit perfectly into my office space, so I didn't need the adjustment. The video quality on this LCD is amazing.Ronnie Be 
1 After enduring the so-so performance of my stock ipod headphones, I figured it was time to step up.  As I travel constantly, I wanted something that would would block out exterior noise; as a music freak I wanted something that would sound great.  After countless hours of research and even more time debating on what brand of headphones to get (UE vs. Shure vs. Etymotics) I bought the Super.fi 5 pros.  In the end it was the price, Amazon was selling then for $90 less than the MSRP. Can't beat that.As soon as they were delivered I hooked them up and put them on.  They aren't kidding when they tell you to turn your audio device way down.  I keep the volume on my ipod way down, a fraction of what I kept it at with the stock headphones.  The room I was in faces a major road and we had the windows wide open, so to say there was plenty of ambient noise would be an understatement.  With the UEs on, it was just me and the music.  A fire engine thundered by, normally a painfully annoying experience.  Again, the UEs reduced it to the point that I didn't realize the fire engine was coming until I saw it drive by.As for the music.  I first played a couple of tracks by Jenny Lewis and the Watson Twins.  I immediately noticed elements to the music I never even heard with my other headphones.  Jenny Lewis' angelic voice came through so beautifully clear it was like I was listening to them for the first time.  Next I put on some Ray Charles.  With the UEs, it was like I was there in the front row.  The horn section nearly kicked me out of me chair while I discovered that there was indeed a woodwind section.  I've read complaints that in ear headphones don't produce enough bass, so I decided to see for myself and played a couple of tracks from Siamese Twin by The Smashing Pumpkins.  While I'm not by any means a bass head, I need some bass to enjoy rock albums.  I couldn't have been happier with how the UEs performed.  The drums in the album (which I've always considered some of the best) came alive.  The guitars actually had some balls, but didn't overpower the singing or drums.As is the case when you stick things in your ears for a period of time, your ears are bound to hurt a little.  I found this to be the case only for a day or two, after that the UEs fit snugly without any complaint.  The only weird thing I encountered had to do with ear wax.  My wife, an audiologist, forbids the family from using Q-tips.  So after taking the UEs off for the first couple of times, there was a nice deposit left on the tips of the headphones.  Like the discomfort, this earwax experience only lasted for the first couple of times I used the UEs, and with the supplied earwax cleaner it was really a non issue.When there are so many excellent products out there, finding the perfect headphones becomes extremely challenging.  I've never tried on Shures or Etymotics, so I can't compare the performance of those headphones and the UEs.  What I do know is that I got a really great deal on the best headphones I've ever had.  Without a doubt these are the last pair of headphones I will buy for some time.  
1 After looking at $250.00 mounts, I was unsure about order at this low price.  This is a great, well built unit. I would have no problem puttinga 130 lb. unit on it if you follow the enclosed instructions.  Hardware for most walls included.  Well painted with no rough edges.  Mine was installed over wall board into wood studs.  I used the awl to make sure I hit the studs dead center. Delivery from New York to Sarasota, Fl. was 5 days.  Can't bet that 
1 Basically, This backpack is all that I need in a back pack. Very well padded, very roomy, fits an HP Pavillion dv8000 17" laptop. Its very attractive and after a month on use shows no signs of ware and tear. Definately worth the $. Unlike my previous packpacks The straps adjust so quickly and easily that I adjust them every time I put the pack on or take it off. Great Product!!! 
1 I purchased the docking station for potability when on the beach, at the pool or camping.I had it going nonstop for 8.5 hours on the same set of batteries it was still going strong.I would by again 
1 this is good for when you go on a trip you know it will keep your streetpilot going. and it isn't bulky. and it's made with quality just like the streetpilot itself 
1 It's a decent mic for just a few bucks.  It works adequately, and has an on/off switch, and an XLR connector.It comes with a XLR-to-1/4 cord.  If you're going to plug this mic into a mixer, be sure to get a XLR-to-XLR cord.  The volume of the mic, when connected to a mono 1/4 jack with the included cable, was almost inaudible.  With a XLR-to-XLR cord, it was at normal volume levels compared with other equipment 
1 La instalacin del producto fue bastante simple, la configuracion y operacion tambien los son, solo he observado un problema con el control remoto, en ocasiones deja de funcionar, no controla el volumen ni cambia los caneles de cable, solo despues de oprimir el boton de apagado y luego de vilver a activarlo es que regresa la funcionalidad de los botones de control de volumen y selector de canales; otra observacion en el funcionamiento es que al seleccionar en forma progresiva canales estos saltan al siguiente 
1 Never a better caluclator in existance.Used it all thought Calculus classes and Computer Science. It does everything. Fast, smooth, pretty print flawlessly and more memory then a herd of elephants. Even does 3D graphing excellently. Spherical trig? not a problem at all and fully graph it, slice it up and zoom in.Also a few sites on hacking the TI-92 Plus that you can google for anyone intrested 
1 Great buy for the money. four stars only because it is made out of about 3/8" mdf and could be sterdier. Height is great for medium size bookshelf speaker tweaters to be at ear level while siting on the couch 
1 Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you'll have no problems, just excellent pictures 
1 Very good quality sound, loud ring, substantial weight (not all cheap plastic with no heft).  Only con is that even on "low" the ringer is very loud 
1 This is an AWESOME little device. Let me start with the pros: 1) EASY: Incredibly easy setup (literally press one button - never believed it, but it's true. Plug in the usb transmitter, press the blue button & voila.) 2) GOOD SOUND: For a small set of speakers, these things sound great. They are not going to compare to speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system, but sound very good and comparable to a $45 two-speaker set of monitor-side speakers. There's a built in sub-woofer that helps as well. 3) WIRELESS RANGE: With 4 AA batteries, you can carry this little guy around your whole house - and outside your house. Reception is great. I am used to bluetooth headsets that don't really work much further than 10 feet from the phone - I had doubts about bluetooth speakers, but I am amazed with reception these guys have. 4) CONTROLS: the Forward, Reverse & Pause buttons on the speaker work fine with both Media Player or Yahoo Music Engine running on the laptop(the only two I tried). Again, I was surprised, but they worked flawlessly. 5) COOL: As far as cool factor, this little guy is definitely that. Cons: 1) NO REMOTE: It would be nice if there was a remote control for the unit that would allow you to control the sound, FF, RW, Pause, Play controls. 2) NO CONTROL FROM PC: You can't control the sound (or mute) from the laptop - only from the speakers. 3) SOUND: Above I said the sound was good - and it is considering the size of this system. However, these are small speakers and a mini-sub and the sound is thus somewhat small too. It's good, but it's not going to compare to a quality set of speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system. There is base but not a great deal - you definitely won't feel the music with these speakers. 4) VOLUME: Volume is limited - it's enough to fill a mid-sized room, but not much more. For $100, this is an outstanding little speaker system that does an amazing job with NO WIRES. Carry it to your kid's room. To the garage. To the basement. No wires, nothing. If convenience is and portability is important to you, and if medium sound quality is ok, then I would HIGHLY recommend this speaker system. It's great. Personally, I'm not sure if I'm going to keep them because I would really like fuller sound (this was an attempt at easy speakers for my living room) and more base - but they're so cool and convenient, that I doubt I'll be able to give them up! FOR OTHER BLUETOOTH IDEAS AND WI-FI NETWORK OPTIONS, see my post at the Hydrogen Audio forum: [...] 
1 I bought this for my wife. I have an iRiver HP120, which I consider to be one of the best ever made. I have to say, I think this is a great little player. The interface is well designed, the unit is well made, and the sound quality is excellent. I purchased a U2 about 1 year ago as a gift, which was also excellent. I think Cowon is making some of the better MP3 players on the market now, and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a high quality unit 
1 The parallel USB adapter worked just like it was supposed to. My problem was that the printer I was using it with was no longer supported in Windows XP. So while the adapter turned out to be useless, I'm keeping it for possible future use 
1 I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com again 
1 I've had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won't settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they're often much cheaper, but this is one area where you get what you pay for. Brand X fades and does not perform as well in the inkjet system. This has been confirmed in independent lab tests in a leading PC magazine. I have had to install and remove countless cartridges and NEVER spilled a drop. The pop-in, pop-out design couldn't be easier 
1 I've owned and use the Sony 256MB Memory Stick Pro pictured (in black), and currently also use a 1GB Sony Memory Stick Pro. I've not had any problems with them, formatting or otherwise, over long periods of heavy use. OK, a little pricier than, say, SD cards, but a good quality product for Sony digital cameras. 
1 I have really bad luck with head sets (I dropped a vise on my last set, really)these are really well built headphones, it always seems to be the mic or the volume control that goes bad, but on this head set they are all separate so if any one goes out then you still have a good head set. They can get very loud and not crack, exceptional base, and mic is very very clear. They are light but feel solid, although I have not put them to the vise test they seem you be strong. I have very big ears that is one of the reasons I bought this head set, it is very comfortable. The only thing I don't like is that they do not block very much sound because there are holes behind the ear cups, but maybe it help keep your ears cool, maybe. I really give them 4 1/2 stars. I paid about $90 for them and I have no regrets. So if you want a head set to use is a relatively quit environment these are good but if not go for the Sony mdr-300/mdr-400 they don't have mics but good headphones.Hope this helped, good luck 
1 The quality of this bag is just great the problem could be the very tiny front bag. It also has a small bag for the AC power cable and transformer but once you use it there is no place to put it comfortably considering a 15" laptop 
1 This armband provides good protection to the nano via a skin that the nano slides into and a rigid clear protector that fits over the screen (stays in place by pressure from the skin pressing down on rubberized edges of the protector). It works well for jogging and working out. The neoprene (better than leather for sweaty workouts) armband fits well on my upper arm (6' 200lb) and seems pretty adjustable to other size arms. It is a bit awkward to silde the nano into the skin while keeping the screen protector in place. I first began sliding the nano into the armband mount but found that difficult to keep the screen protector in place so I now just clip it in which seems to work fine. It has tried to come loose from the armband a couple of times but I think this was due to not ensuring the nano was fully seated into the armband. I have only used the armband for about 3 weeks now and I am satisfied at this point, I am only giving 4 stars due to the screen protector being scuffed out of the package and there could have been better documentation included. Also on another note, apple should have centered the hold button on the top of the nano because almost all protectors I have seen make it somewhat difficult to access the button and this one is no exception. The button is next to the upper left edge and any decent protector has to almost cover this area to work properly. All in all you will be satisfied with the armband and remember for the price your are getting a skin for everday protection of the nano and a good armband also so it's a solid value. 
1 I bought these for my Zune after an exhaustive search for a good sounding, compact headphone for work and working out at the gym.If you are like me and can't stand all the earbuds out there, then you need to find another solution. I tried the Premium Zune buds at 40 bucks, and the Bose Quiet comfort buds at 100 bucks, but they just gave me earaches and I was always fiddling with them to keep them in my ear canal tight. I read countless reviews of this headphone and I can say this is the best sounding under $40 headphone out there that won't mess with your hair. (Yes, better than even the Bose earbuds!)If you are only using the stock buds or phones with your mp3 player, be prepared to be blown away. Tight, full bass range with smooth airy highs and mellow mids. You don't have to crank them either, they sound rich even at lower volumes. But if you do crank them they don't distort at all. If you have ever tried the Bose Quiet comforts at the stores, these sound very similar but with an open air design!The only negative is the comfort. The little rubbery clips that go behind your ears take some getting used to and can hurt after 30 minutes or so. I think I'll get used to it. I'd much rather deal with a little discomfort on the outer ear vs. jamming an earbud in my ear and getting a sore ear canal (which I had). That could lead to ear infections or other more serious ear problems.Some other reviewers complained about the headband, but it sounds like they were not wearing these right. Once on your noggin, the band needs rotated up toward you skull in the back till it touches your head. This keeps everything nice and tight and also gives the earclips more space and flexibilty which equals greater comfort. I do not think the headband is too tight, it has the perfect amount of tension to keep these in place.I might buy a pair of the PX 100's as well just for wearing around the house or lying in bed reading.  The PX 100 is the same exact phone in an "over the head" design. At $40, I can afford to get both 
1 When my CDs started skipping I thought they has seen the last days of spinning, however this Disc Cleaner has solved all problems. You simply put the CD into the cleaner with the label side down. Then, you spray the disc cleaner to the disc surface. You only apply one even spray of cleaner. Then, you close the case and make sure the lid is totally closed. Once you have cranked the movable part of the lid about 5 times, you can remove the disc and let it dry completely. Most of the cleaner was absorbed into the cleaning pad after the recommended 5 rotations. I found that 8 or 9 rotations did the trick. The first time I used this cleaner I was a bit frustrated with it because I noticed little pieces of black foam all over my CDs. Apparently, there is a little piece of foam in the middle that looks like it belongs there and it seems glued down, but once I removed that piece of foam, all was go. This unit comes with one additional cleaning pad. I think if you are just using this to remove fingerprints, you won't have to replace the cleaning pads very often. Handy gadget to prolong disc life and restore performance to contaminated disc surfaces. ~TheRebeccaReview.com  
1 I purchased 2 for my son and husband. Both rumble and work perfectly with the racing games such as Need for Speed Underground 2, Nascar 2003 and 2004. Some of the early games cannot be used, but they still love it. The wheels actually feel like you are in a race car with realistic resistance. I recommend this item 
1 It works!  The antenna isnt junk either, I am getting almost all the digital stations from chicago 25 miles from sears tower with it inside my house sitting on my desk. I also get many digital channels that happen to be on the comcast analog cable in my area (chicagoland). Problem is that all the analog stations on my comcast cable are untuneable, so I cant watch those on my mac.  Its not supposed to be a cable tuning box, just digital stuff, so its fine, I just thought it did that as well.next thing to do is get a bigger/better antenna mounted outside and cancel cable (as I only watch a couple stations anyways).eyetv - works.cytv with it - works great!  make sure you go and donate to that opensource project 
1 Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot of equipment 
1 The Apple Airport Card - network adapter - Airport 802.11b was a fabulous purchase.  It did exactly what it was supposed to, was easy to install and test, worked immediately.  The vendor that supplied the airport card was prompt, efficient, courteous, and careful in the packaging.  Very happy with the product 
1 This card is great for the seamless apple look and feel (and only option for internal in imac/ibook/PB) but it is way overpriced now that it is out of production. There are other options. Belkin F5D6050 USB B adapter has drivers for 9.2 and OSX, several manufacturers (e.g. certain Belkin, Linksys, Microsoft) PCI cards have airport extreme chipsets (broadcom) on them that OSX reads as a real airport Xtreme card. You need to do your research and some cards have different chipsets in different revisions, but it is pretty easy overall - and you can save $100 
1 I had been using my air conditioning vents to hold my XM radio and this was recommended to me through a friend.  It's super easy to install and works great.  It doesn't move or shake while driving and is adjustable height wise to fit most car setups.  It was well worth the money and in the summer heat, I am glad I bought it and got my extra air conditioning vent back 
1 Nothing much to report.  They were as advertised and fulfilled my need 
1 The thing that seperates this DVD Case from the rest is it's center lock design. It's secures the disc nicely without damaging it... like I have had others do. Worth the extra dough to have a quality product. (Now if only their memorex's software was as good! 
1 I purchased this USB light/fan combo mainly for the fan.  I'm one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer than everyone else.  I use this fan when I'm studying in the library, on the computer at a coffee shop or even at home using my laptop at the desk.  It provides a nice little jet of air right at my face which makes me feel cooler all over.  I can even direct it right in front of me and only the nose of the rotor head is visible because when the fan is running, of course, you can see right through the blades.  The fan runs quietly too.  I've had a couple of times when the fan is making a bit of a noise or isn't running a quickly as normal.  I just pop off the rotor head, adjust the blades a bit (they are flexible vinyl and I give them a little twist and a crease to make them more rigid as they sometimes get bent in my carrying case), pop the rotor head back on and it's good as new again.  While I like this product a lot, I doubt with frequent use that it will last much more than a year but I still think it's well worth it.  My only regret is that I didn't order two or three of these for future back-ups if needed.  The light works well too.  It does not illuminate the entire keyboard but in a dark setting it does provide enough illumination for the typical user (a hunt and peck typist may be frustrated but I think it may be enough light for that kind of visibility as well) and definitely enough light to read from a book or hard copy document. 
1 I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks 
1 The tapes are exactly what I had searched the web for.  Thanks to Amaxon.com for listing the seler 
1 The Sony STR-DG600 7.1 has worked as expected and is a high-quality system at a great price 
1 I used to buy those cheap $[...] red laser pointers at gun shows and flea markets, just to have some fun, but the batteries didn't last long enough and the beam wasn't bright at all, not to mention that it made more of an oval dot than round.  I bought this one thinking that it would be really cool because it was green.  I thought the high price tag was pushing it just for a little green dot, but it is much more than I thought it would be.  The beam is clearly visible in the dark and you can even see the dot on the blackest street in the middle of a sunny day.  The range is incredible and makes street signs reflect hreen shimmers!  I love it!  A much better buy than those crappy red ones, and the AAA batteries are easy to replace and last much longer 
1 These ear buds provide a VERY good fit.  They block out a lot of external noise.  Much better than my previous ear buds.  The sound is clear with good bass.  Definitely worth the price 
1 We used this remote to program a Sony AV-RM3000 remote, but we need more flexibility for our HTPC.  In hindsight, we should have bought a stand-alone IR unit and something like the Girder software.  Or, maybe just an IR wireless keyboard.This is not a remote for those seeking flexibility, or those who like to customize their media experience.  This is an excellent remote for those who want out-of-the-box usability, and don't want to bother with customization.  It's well-built, and will be exactly what many mainstream users are looking for.Pros:  Comfortable shape, sensible layout, high-quality feel, reasonably compatible with many programsCons:  Doesn't do absolutely everything in every compatible application, only four somewhat-programmable keys with limited option 
1 This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great.  It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home theater furniture out there.  Unfortunately, Amazon's shipping (via UPS) didn't go so well and the outer box arrived in very bad shape.  I was hoping that the inner box would protect the item, but, alas, one of the two doors was damaged.  I'm now trying to get Amazon to replace the door, but they can only exchange the whole unit.  The shipping box is completely destroyed, so I've been forced to contact the manufacturer directly.  Crossing my fingers.. 
1 This TV/Monitor rocks!!  I've been looking for a combo computer monitor and TV that I could use in my office. This LCD does both very well. I'm writing this review with the LNS4696D installed and everything on the screen is very large (what I wanted) even at 1600x1200 and the resolution is far better than I expected!! (hint: sharpen the image and set high energy saving mode) 
1 Also at an awesome price. I am going to buy another one just to keep in case the one I have needs to be replaced 
1 Are they the best no.. Do they impress people who havent hear them before YES!! To me thats the best compliment, they are much more objective listenerswith no preconcived notions. All I ever hear is " Those speakers sound so Good" " I love those cool little speakers" etc. I've played everything from Bach to Dio and they sound very realistic. Subwoofer placement is key to having the proper bass level. At [...] they are a steal.. I paid [...]in 1991 and listen to them everyday they still sound like they did when new. 
1 Outstanding product!  Keeps the laptop cool plus the added benefit of having 4 USB ports 
1 I bought this cooling fan because my computer was shutting off on its own, and the problem seemed to be that the computer was overheating.  While this product hasn't "cured" my computer, the performance of my computer has definitely improved with the use of the cooling fan.  The extra USB ports are convenient as well.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a laptop and wants to keep it from overheating 
1 I am new to this type of device, but it has performed as expected 
1 This is a great radio for sailboats and other boats that do not have a 12v power supply 
1 I bought this because I needed good phones without the extra bulk.  They're really lightweight, but not flimsy.  They have very good sound quality.  I really like the volume control on the headphones themselves. It gives me the extra level of control.  All in all, a really good bang for your buck 
1 Jensen JM10 Anonymous Review I love these headphones!! The easy access volume control is right where I need it and I can turn it ON and OFF whenever I need to. They are a great value! The headphones stay where they are supposed to and fit my head great. The sound quality is clear and crisp. The single cord attached makes it feel as if your not wearing headphones at all. I would recommend it to all my friends 
1 This card worked out of the box on my Linux, Ubuntu 6.10 based system. This Belkin card--at least the version I have-- is based on the Atheros chip set 
1 After reading other reviews i was skeptical of purchasing the dioshield for my IPOD. I had read a lot about how it interefered with the USB cable or the hold switch.  But I couldn't argue with the price.I must say that this product it actualy one of the best aftermarket IPOD products I have puchased.  It does exactly what it is supposed to do, Protect My Ipod. I have no trouble opperating any of the IPOD's  buttons and I simply remove the case when I charge the unit.  I have not found that it impairs the functionality of the IPOD at all while keeping it securely around my neck.  It is perfect for Jogging weight training and other outdoor activitites.  I find it much less cumbersome than the armband or belt clip units as it does not impede my range of motion.Ultimately it perfectly protects my IPOD when I am out and about which is what it was designed to do.The reasons I gave it 4 and not 5 stars was the laniard feels a little short not much but a little. and I whished they had mounted the IPOD right side up like they did on the nano model.Over all I am well please 
1 For the price, these speakers are well worth the cost. Of course, in my opinion, anything that dosnt say "Creative" on it is usually worth the price. Not a lot of bass, but with the bass boost, these speakers sound real nice. Only bad thing I'll say is that M-Audio's tech department is really bad. Emailed them about a week ago inquiring about driver updates for Vista, still no answer. (my inquiry was about a different m-audio product) 
1 The six commonly used power tips provide flexibility with this product.  I purchased this to use as an interface between a CD Walkman player and the AC power cord.  The heads have specific polarity; so it is possible to attach the heads incorrectly.  However, if you pay attention to the plus and minus hookups as indicated, it's not too difficult to make the attachment correctly the first time.  I found the product to work effectively.  The only negative I can see is that the actual plug-in device is a bit bulky; so if you want to use this in a power strip setting, the AH3WH can be a bit of a plug hog.  However, other than that limitation, the product was reliable.  Recommended to save on those batteries which do add up 
1 I have been putting this television through its paces since I got it a few weeks ago, and it is by far the best TV I have ever owned, and very difficult to beat.  The image quality is really good, with bright, vivid colors and wonderful detail, especially for 1080i/p content, but even lower-resolution 720p content, which is what's more commonly-available on OTA HD broadcast, looks phenomenal.  I also have an Apple TV hooked up to it, and even though most of my content is encoded at either 360p, 480p, or 720p, it still looks quite good.It does take some time to get the image tuned to perfection, and the default settings are way too bright with too much color saturation boost, and the DNIe processing system actually seems to make some motion effects worse.  However, it's very easy to change the settings and see immediately what effect they have.Like all LCDs it does have some slight black point problems; these aren't noticeable for fullscreen 16:9 content, but for older 4:3 content it's pretty obvious that the black isn't pure black.  However, this is again tunable.The only thing I really notice which is pretty annoying is that it doesn't do a very good job of upscaling 480i content, such as the output from most video game systems, and for DVDs to look good you really need an upconverting player since even with a progressive-scan player there is a lot of visible pixelation when the 480p content is scaled up.  It's really more a sad reflection on how the previous "next-generation" video looks downright primitive by today's standards.The other noticeable issue is that unlike many televisions with digital tuners, it doesn't have an on-screen program guide.  My previous TV (also a Samsung) had an on-screen program guide, but it was rather cumbersome to use and took several minutes of scanning every channel to see what was on, and most local channels are pretty inconsistent about providing the EPG information anyway, so it's not really that big of a deal.  You can still see the detailed information for the program that's currently showing, so it makes use of EPG, just not as much as it could.This television's tuner is also quite phenomenal.  My previous TV required a very carefully-positioned powered antenna which was very sensitive to every little nearby fluctuation, while with this one I only have a piece of wire jammed into the antenna port and I get perfect reception of every local digital station.Another nice improvement over Samsung's older HDTVs is that it has a wide variety of zoom modes which allow you to counteract some of the stupider things that TV stations do (for example, pillboxing a letterboxed 16:9 show, which is very common for widescreen non-HD programming).  Also, analog TV stations and source inputs get their audio signals upconverted to digital, so you only need to run a single optical audio connection to your stereo (while previous Samsungs required running both analog and digital cables and switching between the two inputs based on source material).As a PC monitor this is also quite nice.  I have a Mac mini hooked up via SVGA cable, and even with an analog signal it looks perfectly sharp and crystal-clear, and of course you can hook it up via HDMI (with a DVI to HDMI adaptor) as well.  The only gripe there is that the supported resolutions are a bit quaint - at least on analog SVGA the only 16:9 resolution it supports is 1920x1080, which can be difficult for some older systems to handle.  However, on HDMI it should support all the standard HD resolutions.This television may be more expensive than others in its size class, but it also far outshines every other TV I have seen, aside from the newer LN-T4065, which is nearly identical aside from providing a higher dynamic contrast ratio.  If you want to only buy one TV which will last for a long time, it would be hard to go wrong with this one 
1 NOTE: this product will only work on walls with wood studs.  No metal studs.See the sanus website for installation manual and more details 
1 The carry case does the job of holding my Walkman and therefore I say it is worth the money.  However I have found for my smaller arm it is hard to get it wrapped around in a steady position, but with some effort it does.  Overall I am happy with the purchase 
1 I just added this to my Onkyo HTIB system and it's made all the difference in the world. I'm a bit of an audiophile (on a reasonable budget), with four subwoofers scattered throughout the rooms in my house and one 10" Polk in my truck. I'm most satisfied with the Polk subwoofers for their tightness and ability to pound low frequencies without turning the sound into a boomy mess. I listen to a lot of music with double-bass drumming and thought that this PSW12 would have a tough time keeping up with the quickness of the 10" sub I like so much. Not the case. What I get is very quick bass with that ground-shaking impact that I always look for.I'm still going easy on 'er for the break-in period, but I can say that the trailer for Kingdom of Heaven (included on the Blu-Ray disc) sounds absolutely stunning. Paired with my 57" Sony HDTV, trips to the movie theater are few and far between these days. Now is a great time to pick up one of these, since the price seems to have recently dropped by about $50 throughout the web.Unbeatable sub for the money! 
1 I use this subwoofer to augment my 7.1 system. It was easy to install, gives excellent response, and I couldn't be more pleased. 
1 The only thing I don't like about it, is the scanning area is upside down where most scanners you open the lid and put your photo or document close to you this scanner you have to put it all the way to the back of the scanner so you have to open the lid all the way. Also the film tray shows on some of my documents as well you would think they would give you something to cover the film tray when not in use. I did like the way XP found this scanner right away with no disks or software. I have a cannon scanner I just got a few months ago but it is limited because it is not compatible with XP with out cannons software, The cannon was so bad that I purchased this one all in all I like it does a great job glad they still make just scanners for people who use laser printers 
1 I liked options and text edit. I really liked the ability to scan into Micsoft Word 
1 This is one of the best products I have spent my money on. This speakers 'speak' well and you will be amazed at how well they sound for that kind of size.Also, the buying experience from Amazon was excellent. I got mine deleivered in about 2 days.Will recommend product for anyone else 
1 You can count on every Monster Cable made. It's worth the extra money over the cheap ones. The gauge of the wire is thicker and the ends are made of better material 
1 I'm a fanatic for duplexing since I move a LOT of paper around, sometimes amounts which I have to carry to court or mail and which weigh several pounds.  The Brother is one of the better machines for the price that handles duplexing well, maybe even the best.  This particular machine has wireless G built-in, but it costs over $100 more than the same machine without wireless, and for well over $100, you can probably manage to do the same thing cheaper, maybe even better, and for my office, wireless is inappropriate.  (It also should be stated that if you go outside Briother itself, then the wireless combo IS cost-effective.  Brother essentially competes here only with itself.)  That said, it makes for an elegant solution in the home if you have any sort of barrier to wiring and would like a single piece of equipment to handle everyone's printing if several of you are running off of a wireless router.  There are a bevy of bonuses if this machine is otherwise appropriate for you.  It's a complete standalone fax/copier if someone in the house doesn't even have any computer at all.  I'm a long-time Brother customer, and they've made operation more intuitive for both computer users and standalone.  There were a few bugs in earlier machines by Brother (comparable but older machines I've owned, like the 8500 and the 9700) such as faulty out-of-toner warnings, and all of these seem to have been worked out.  This machine is clearly out of beta.  Earlier machines were difficult (though not impossible) to set up and use advanced functions without using your manual, and this machine is far better on that aspect as well.  You can have faxes arrive two-sided, which doubles your paper tray effectively, and you can scan or fax a two-sided document just by feeding it in and possibly altering a setting.  This last is made possible by the physical arrangement and just as much by the aforementioned ease-of-use - you wouldn't use the feature much if you had to do major messing around with menus just send out a two-sided page.  Unfortunately, the one bane of all printers which is slightly worse with the Brothers is the "ink" aspect.  Unlike some competitors, you have to replace a toner AND a drum, and at differing intervals. I assume they do this to keep the costs low, but the costs still aren't particularly low.  The non-wireless version of the basic machine sells for a little over $400, and there is no problem spending that much for just a couple of drums and a few toners.  I don't understand why printers of all sorts cannot just have a "gas tank" you could fill with cheap ink and then just add paper, but in most instances, the consumables are the tail wagging the dog in terms of buying a printer.   The Brother is a superbly-functioning modern machine at a great price, but don't imagine the price ends when you buy it.  This is true of all printers, however, and the news with most printers is worse than here 
1 I can't say enough about the Tivoli AM/FM radio!  It has superior sound and i love the design of the case as well.  Some folks might be hesistant to spend over $100 for a radio ... trust me - it is well worth it.  My girlfriend's parents have had an older version of this radio for over 30 years - still sounds great 
1 I would encourage ANYONE in the market for a shredder to first identify WHERE the machine is to be placed! If you want something "cute" and compact, then, keep looking. This SB-97Cs is a work horse, in every sense of the word. Consequently, it may not appeal to one's feminine traits. Although the size can be a bit formidable for home use, it's power and relatively quiet operation set the standard for all others. I was surprised at just how quiet it was! The controls are easy to master, and the safety features are good to have for the occasional inquisitve child. Having had a lessor (un-named) shredder, I knew that my shredding needs were beyond the waste-paper-basket sized machines for less money. Being one who regularly shreds credit card "bait" checks, and other sensitve info that accumulates through the years, this SB-97Cs shredder was a must have. I doubt that I'll outgrow this machine. I've had this shredder for only a couple of months now, and I expect to have it for many years to come. It IS NECESSARY to oil the cutters after each full basket, though. If you are the disciplined and conscientious type, this is not a problem. However, I can see the lifespan of this machine being cut short by the negligent types who don't read instructions.. 
1 Simple, but does what it's supposed to.  Allows you to connect the audio output of a laptop/PC/iPod, etc., to the audio input on your TV. 
1 This product has worked great with my 2Wire Gateway modem from AT&T Yahoo.The real plus has been the USB connection so its not necessary to take off the desktop's back panel. The connection has been good, and I set it up in minutes.I tend to think that people who are having connection problems have a problem with their router, and not this device.  I can see 50%+ networks from all over my neighborhood 
1 This printer does an excellent job. The colors are vivid and the clarity is very crisp. The only negative is you are restricted to the canon paper with end tabs. Good value for a compact snap shot printer 
1 Switch was simple to install to my existing network, just plug and go. I used this switch to separate some CPUs off of the 100mb network and put them on the gig highway. Worked just as planned and was seamless. I actually added two of these and saved big jack over a 16 port gig switch. Network speed and response time increased even for those CPUs w/out a gig nic. I like the idea of having a switch with capacity that far exceeds network traffic. Highly recommend 
1 these cases are amazing!!  i love them!!  if i ever need to replace one of my dvds i always buy Memorex DVD Storage Cases.  there the next best thing, i think to the ones that come orignal with my store bought dvds.thanks Memorex! 
1 This is the only type of speaker cable i use to connect my state of the  art sound system 
1 While the two fans I ordered for a new computer build are functioning properly, they are not as advertised on Amazon's website.  According to the specs on the site, they have a double ball-bearing design which last longer than normal fans. Be warned, these are NOT the Antec double ball-bearing fans, but the less expensive ones.  Have contacted Amazon and hope they update the specs to reflect these accurately 
1 this radar/laser detector is very good detects the police radarand the best is do not  false signals 
1 It does everything promised but takes several hours of going over the instructions to figure out how to program some of the features.  Instructions hard to locate in booklet 
1 I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read all the reviews, especially Amazon reviews; because the people know what they are talking about.I have bought 5 pair altogether for friends, and they love these buds too.The music I listen to ranges from Tupac to Vivaldi, and everything in between. My MP3 player has 9 EQ settings; I keep it on new age most of the time. The price is right, and the sound is the best. 
1 A lot of TV for little money.  Great picture, and the refresh rate is fast enough to prevent most of the blurring that you tend to see on low end LCD's.  Initial setup can be tricky because Olevia chose to include a CD version of the operators manual, though you can print a paper version from the CD or Olevia website.  Better than average sound, but the side speakers add a bit to the overall width.  After tweaking the factory settings we achieved a nice color balance without any of the black level problems that plague many LCD's.  If you're using it in a bedroom you'll most likely be annoyed by the very bright on/off light on the front panel.  Rear panel connections are intuitive and easily accessible, and wall-hanging was a breeze.  Looked at many LCD televisions and there are better choices for sure, but it's hard to beat the performance of this set at the low price. Highly satisfied!  
1 I had great hope for this product.  It has, mostly, so far, lived up to my expectations.  Here are some caveats...I was hoping for the ability to set up music catagories...easy listening, dinner music, light jazz...etc.  You have to "cheat" to do this, and using the manual is daunting.  Instead of using the "Artist" as artist, I used it as a catagory code, ie making one artist light jazz, etc.  This works, but you do, of course lose the artist registration ability.So now, I can select "artist" "Dinner Music" and then "All Discs" and "Shuffle", and the unit will play a track from one "Dinner Music" CD then shuffle to another track on another "Dinner Music" CD, etc, making a delightful, mix of music that never is repeated exactly the same way.I am still in the loading phase of coexistance with this machine, so longetivty, and flawlessness are not being reviewed here.  That remains to be seen.The manual is purely awfull.  Just dig in and try things.  That's the only way to get a handle on things.  Hope this helps....good luck! 
1 This is a very nice TV for the money. Great picture and with the built in DVD player that plays CD's I was able to remove a big old CRT TV, DVD player and stereo from the bedroom. I'm happy with my choice 
1 I gave this 5 stars only because it serves its purpose well. It's just a basic mouse pad, but the price is excellent!! 
1 I received this printer a few days ago and I am very impressed. 4 X 6 photos look awesome as if I had Walmart print them and the speed is very fast. I hook it up to my Airport Extreme Base Station (I use a Powerbook) and print wirelessly and had no problems at all. Scanner is a tad bit noisy but a lot quieter than my old HP All in one printer that just kicked the bucket.The software is easy to use and understand. I never read the directions and I was scanning in pictures with in minutes. I also like the LCD display on the printer. Its nice to just "pop" in a memory card, and view the photos you want to print. It saves time when you don't have to download them to the computer then print them.Overall I am vey pleased and I did my search on this printer and all of the reviews were very good. I was torn between Canon (I actually bought a Canon Pixma and returned it) and HP and I am glad I stuck with HP, always a trusted brand. And the price was about $40.00 dollars cheaper than any electronics store around.Pros:Excellent picture qualtyFast printingEasy setupA lot of featuresEasy to use and understand functionsCons:Scanner a litte noisy (quieter than my old HP)When printing the printer shakes my table (old HP did the same)I guess it is a little on the large side, but it doesn't bother m 
1 I have just up-graded to a 40" HD samsung 1080p TV so I had to replace my 2 yr old onkyo 601 "great receiver" with this 674 model mainly for the HDMI switching capabilities, set-up was a little tricky but after an hour I was ready to try the audyssey set up mic. which was very straight forward & accurate Boy was I blown away. This thing has such clarity & separation I couldn't believe the difference over my older onk.rec.I have direct TV hd-dvr & Panasonic 1080i DVD player via HDMI through receiver, don't waste your money on those over priced monster cables, all of mine are 15-20 bucks from amazon. I am so pleased with my purchase I also feel this is a great value 599.00 I know their is not a better receiver out there at this price or even for 200.00 more. I would highly recommend this as the backbone to any quality home theater system. I read another review that expressed that you couldn't turn it up past 60,that is false I can crank mine up to max with with vertually no distortion 
1 I recently purchased the Pacific Breeze Laptop Cooler and so far am very impressed with it.  Now this review should be taken with a grain of salt, because I have only had the cooler for a few weeks, but I feel that the results were evident immediately and the build does seem adequate.  The reason that I was in search of a cooler was due to my dangerously hot hard drive temps.  I installed Notebook Hardware Control (free temperature and power control utility) after feeling how hot my new notebook was getting and saw temps as high as 55C at my hard drive!  Worried about how this would affect the hard drive's longevity, I started looking around at coolers.I choose this cooler after reviewing several of the "mat" variety, but chose this one because of its design.  As the previous reviewers have already mentioned, this cooler elevates the notebook from the rear and blows air under the notebook.  This allows the CPU fan intake and hard drive to receive plenty of fresh air.After setting this cooler up, I was feeling pretty good about the purchase.  Qualitatively, the results are evident by a cooler notebook top and keypad, and the feel of air exiting the sides of the notebook.  Quantitatively, the notebook experienced a 5C temperature drop at my HD and at my CPU.  Now my hard drive is running at 40C-45C instead of 45-50C!I would definitely recommend this product 
1 Unlike the first reviewer my experience with Trigger Finer has been a good one. At first it took me awhile to figure out how to get the device to control the drums in Impulse (Ableton Live) once I realized that each pad had to be set in order to have each tone mapped it was a breeeze. I suspect that maybe the first reviewer as well as any midi newbie might have difficulty in that respects since it is not plug in play as M Audio states....it is program and play, however once you get it programmed correctly it is effortless. The htinkg is it is soo expandable and programmable it may be to its own detriment especaiily for peolle who are not fimiliar with mapping out midi controllers 
1 I just love the color, the stile  and the price.It is a perfect player.     Thank you. 
1 for the money, I got a good quality product. My purchase experience was good, and product was received in a timely manner 
1 I bought this cable half minded reading the other reviews and i was bit worried whether it will work. When i hooked up the cable between my laptop and TV, wow.... this is really worth a buy. 
1 We received this item very quickly.  It was exactly what we ordere 
1 Umm. This is ink. Not much to say other than it works fine with my Epson R320 Printer 
1 We looked at many TV stands to go with the Sony TV we were buying.  Only a few were worth considering, but finally decided to go with the Sony unit designed for our specific TV.  Am I glad we did!  It has hold downs to secure the TV and the cable straps at the rear are easy to use and make the installation clean and clear.  Very nicely designed, along with being good looking 
1 Great joystick! I didn't think I could find any better than my Sidewinder, but I was wrong! Very configurable and smooth 
1 This memory card works great with my 15" PowerMac laptop.  I've had a noticeable increase in speed with no hitches.  
1 No problem whatsoever with this product.  It was delivered in a timely manner and worked perfectly 
1 I've never tried verbatim media, since there were 5inch computer floppy disc (circa 1983-85).  I pleased to find that verbatim still makes a quality product 
1 I've seen others coaster from day 1 and I've seen others coaster after day 60 (after an actual succesfull write!) but these are absolutely awesome. Highly reliable ... long-term 
1 Wow, I'm surprised by the reviews made here about this product. Despite the bad reviews, I bought it anyway.  I still believe in a Motorola.  Guess what?  Not bad.  I bought this phone set and 4 of its satellites to replace my Siemens.  The Siemens was the best phone when it first came out about 5 years ago.  This Moto phone has the features most people will ever need.  The shared phonebook is very valuable.  A loud speakerphone on each handset is priceless.  Incoming and outgoing sound quality is excellent.  I don't understand why there are several reviews here stating the phone has bad sound quality.  Ok, the range is not as good as my 2.4ghz phone but it is not bad for someone with an average size home.  After about 75 meters with 3 walls in between, I can start to hear the voice I'm speaking to, crackles.  I just did this for test but I can get clear voice anywhere in my 4 bedroom house.  I am running a 2ghz wi-fi and do not hear any interference. With regard to the phonebook, I wish I can enter more characters each address!  The maximum characters I can enter is only 11.  I think I can enter about 20 on my Siemens.  Another minor quirk is when someone called, I could just lift the phone off its charging base and start talking to the other party.  Not with this phone.  I still have to press the "flash" bottom everytime before I can start talking.  Build quality is excellent.  It is a little on the heavy side which I like probably because it uses 4 rechargeable batteries and made of thick plastic.  Even if I squeeze the handset hard, I didn't hear that plasticky noise and feeling of the plastic warping.  I tried the Pana, V-Tech, Uniden, GE, and ATT in a local store and the Motorola is tops. You will not see a rubbery wiggly buttons here.  I personally think this is the best phone among the few remaining brands around.  If you do not see it that way, it must be a quality defect that can happen on any product. 
1 I'm so happy with these speakers. For the price, the sound is utterly amazing. I have a good moderately priced system, and these speakers really make it special. No one can believe the crystal highs or the big bass coming from such  humble-looking speakers 
1 This radio has excellent features for someone who is either new to shortwave radio or just wanting a simple, user-friendly set of controls.  Also perfect for those that like analogue-style controls that would be encountered on older radios.  I have the S-350, the model that the S-350DL replaces.  For general world band programme listening, this radio is fantastic.  Outstanding speaker.  Easy to read digital display includes backlight.  Includes attenuator.  Clock can be set to 24 hour time.  Easy to carry anywhere.  Robust antenna.  Does not support SSB tuning, which you would need to tune in Ham radio.  Same radio sold under Tescun name in other parts of the world 
1 I don't know what was wrong w/ the other reviewers machine, but let me assure you, this is NOT an inferior product. I got it on Clearance @ Target for $69.98. I have been looking for a long time for a good portable DVD player. I have used it and had NO problems with it whatsoever. Plus if anything does happen in the first 90 it is fully returnable to Target. Good Deal all around. Highly reccomended. 
1 Below is my experience with this product after owning it for 2 weeks.Pros:-----1. Amazing sound especially when watching DVD movies2. Very good progessive scan DVD picture quality3. Simple, compact and all-in-one design4. Remote control can work with various TV's, Cable boxes and VCR's5. Can play both NTSC and PAL DVD'sCons:-----1. Expensive2. No HDMI output3. Non-intuative remote control4. No headphone jackOverall, I love and chose the Bose 321 because of the sound quality and compact design. I got this system because I wanted a compact all-in-one media center and I was not interested in getting a HTIB with 5 speakers. I looked at Denon (2 products), Sony and Samsung.I use this on my 23" Samsung LCD TV using Monster component video cables and while I would have preferred to take advatange of its HDMI capabilties, the reality is that I am very happy with this image quality. Movies such as Lord of the Rings, The Matrix and Hero look and sound fantastic. Prior to this I was looking at the Sony DAV-X1 which is much cheaper and more feature-rich. However the internal turmoils between their consumer electronics and media divisons convince me this would not work for me. For example, my PAL DVDs cannot be played on the Sony whereas on the Bose it was no problem. I am of the opinion that Sony is a directionless company and this is reflected in their products.To be fair you do need to have the right kind of room to take advantage of their TrueSpace 2.1 surround sound feature. My couch is up against the wall with the media center located 12 ft in front of me. According to Bose the speakers should ideally be 3 feet away from the TV. Sometimes TrueSpace works and sometimes I can't hear it. I believe this is true among all the other competitors in this market line and that neither one stands out ahead of the other. If surround sound is really that important to you, then you should get a 5.1 system. This product is perfect for a small room as it takes advantage of the echos of the room where it can fake a 3D sound and would probably not be ideal for a family size rec-room.The audio quality from music CD's is very good and while I wish this had an iPod port as found on the Denon, I am very content using the Aux port 
1      My [...] girl and [...] boy both love their players. The [...]really likes the Sonic games and the ability to connect it to the TV. On a TV the 8 bit graphics are jagged but he does not care and the games are playable. The builtin screens are a little low in resolution if you look closely but cartoons look good and the kids have not noticed anything.      The players have a nice lock feature to disable the controls so that the movie is not accidentally stopped. They have both dropped the players serveral times and they both continue to work well. The only problem is that the [...] had figured out how to remove the battery pack. She does this at times then gets upset the movie stopped.     The players come with everything, AC and auto adapters, a remote control, earphones, built-in stand, battery pack and the wires to play the movies and the games directly on an a TV with RCA jacks 
1 This product is good. I haven't seen any issues with this so far... 
1 Mouse is comfortable to use, and I haven't had any problems with it so far.  I did have some difficulty hooking it up to my computer, but once I figured out the problem it was all smooth sailing from there.  It is my first wireless mouse, so I have nothing else to compare it to, but i definitely like it a lot better than my old mouse.  
1 I needed this cable to use with my Garmin Rino 120 because my new laptop didn't have a serial adapter. My first try was to use a similiar product from Radio Shack, but I found the Radio Shack product was very confusing to use and was unstable.  I ordered the CP Technologie product from Amazon and it worked great! Also, the CP Tech product was less than half the cost of the Radio Shack product (including shipping) 
1 I tried many other adapters and this was the only one that worked for my PDA 
1 This Wall Mount works and hold's great. I used it for an Olevia 542I LCD Flat Panel and have had no problems. The instructions are not all that clear, but it is not hard to figure out how to instal 
1 I wanted a simple printer so I could print a few prints from time to time to hand out. On sale for $50, this seemed like the right one. I already had the included Zoombrowser and Photo Stitch software installed from my prior purchase of a Canon A95 camera, so I just needed to install the driver. Note this requires a USB cable (not included) to the printer.As is human nature, I tried to print without reading the Zoombrowser instructions, and got a lovely plain sky-blue print with the words "My Album" on it - but no photo :-) Then, out came a stunning second print which was totally blank but with some faint horizontal lines - this was from a residual click from my first attempt. Ok, Ok, so I looked at the PDF printing guide for about 15 seconds, and followed the instructions.Got a beautiful first print of the Queen Mary ship. Got a gorgeous second print of flags (red/white/blue, and green) againt a clear blue sky, and the third print was very nice of a field of flowers near Mt Lassen (ironically the original proof print of this from 20 years ago was scanned onto my computer just today to get rid of paper prints...)So, I've blown through the provided "trial" 5 sheets of paper and film cartridge, and have 3 very nice prints (with postcard address lines, stamp area and Canon logo on the back - the paper comes that way.) The ends of the paper remain white but have perforations about 1/2 inch from the end so you can remove them after printing.I can't compare the printing software to any other brand, but setting up a plain photo-only print takes about 10 seconds of menu choices. If you want to add backgounds, titles/text, etc, that is available as well. (Got another pack of paper/film, and put humorous captions on kind of funny-bad office Christmas pix...)Printing directly from my A95 takes about the same time as from the computer - about 1 min 45 sec.The actual operation involves the paper being passed in and out of the printer 4 times (3 color passes and a protective layer) so it is important the back of the printer is not obstructed, particularly by the power cord which hangs down near the edge of the slot. The finished print is deposited on top of the paper cassette in front.  The unit looks and feels substantial for its small size, comes well packed (survived NY to CA shipping), has decent documentation, and a 1-year warranty. 
1 Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, "grabbing" in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that says this radio means serious business, the Grundig S350 Deluxe version, is a bigger, better version of the old Grundig S350, eliminating some of the "drift" problems of the earlier model. The speaker on the Deluxe is bigger and brighter. Whereas your fancy digital preset radios often sound like tin, the Grundig S350 DL has depth. Is it a perfect radio? No. You don't have presets in spite of the digital read-out. You get a little AM overload. Here in Los Angeles I get overload on 1150 so that I'm listening to two shows at once. Also the cheaper (and cheaper built) GE Superradio boasts an internal AM ferrite antenna twice the size and as a result gets slightly better AM.If you're looking for a radio with similar features as the Grundig S350 DL but erases its weakness--no presets and AM overload, then you might want to check out the Grundig G4000A. It's the same price as the S350 and its speaker is surprisingly good for a digital preset shortwave radio. Or you might look at the stunning Kaito 1103 or its more expensive cousin the Eton E5. But even if you get a fancy preset radio, every house should have the big easy-to-use Grundig S350 Deluxe.Update: Comparing the S350 to the same-priced G4000 for several months, it becomes clear that the G4000 is a better buy: superior AM, superior separation of AM stations, presets, same warm speaker, and smaller. 
1 These folks continue to amaze me with their advancement of the state of the art in memory, and Amazon purchase and delivery is so dependable it's like money in the bank.  I hope no one comes in and tries to "improve" things. 
1 I must admit I read many other reviews of this item and was a little apprehensive, however... .  I found this recorder to be outstanding in all the items I've tried so far. I initially just hooked it up like my old one was and left it for a few hours after manually setting the time (before reading the instructions) . This made things more difficult so I started over, set it for everything to be automatic, including the time, left it until the next evening and allowed it to do its' thing - which it did magnificently. EVERYTHING worked beautifully and it did a great job. I LOVE the one-touch recording. I found it's best to read directions one at a time as I want to try something new and have had no problems. So far I haven't tried everything it will do but find it's very intuitive and not a bit frustrating to use. It's a joy to hit the TVGuide button, highlight the shows I want to watch and hit the record button. So far I have no complaints 
1 Great new product!  Easy to use and turns my audio ipod into a portable media player.  I can even use it to record my favorite tv shows.  I highly recommend this product 
1 For this price these are a steal! Purchased mine for $15 (with shipping) and let me tell you, it was worth it! The headphones come with a 1/4 converter too! So you can use them for cd players and amps! The sound quality is good, and the headphones don't hurt half as much as other ones after wearing for several hours. These are an amazing deal for the price, I'm honestly surprised these arn't marked for $50. Don't pass these up if your looking for decent quality headphones 
1 I live in an apartment building and play ( well, practice is a better word ) the bass guitar and needed headphones so I wouldn't bother neighbors or my wife whom sleeps and watchs TV about 6 feet from where I sit and play.The 10 foot long cord was perfect for distance for sitting or standing and moving around while playing, so I wouldn't have to use an extention cable ( and usualy end up with feedback/distortion associated to an unshielded connector in an extention cable)The volume control on each earpiece lets me adjust the volume so I don't have to mess with my amp or guitar volume settings I like to use when not using headphones.  Makes it real nice too when using an instructional CD or DVD i can turn the bass sound off in one ear to hear the instructions clearly witout needing to seriously skew the headphones off my head.Very light weight.  Some headphones can weight the head down making you feel like one of them 'bobble heads'.  Fits firmly on the head without any pinching or binding anywere.  Cord enters headphones on the left ear side, so you don't have to deal with the classic 'Y' split cord.  Easy to flip to the side or drape over the back out of the way.Earpices fit nicly over my ears (no pinching, gouging or squishing with plenty of clearance around the ear) and does a very nice job blocking out noise ( when my wife is awake she watchs the TV, rather loudly, which is right next to me and I bairly notice it). Plenty of padding around the ear pieces.   Many headphones inside near the ear has hard plastic between the ear and speaker which usualy digs into the ear, but these headphones I honestly don't feel anything against my ears.  Even after several hours of use each night.Sound quality.  Bose or pioneer they are not, but then if you wanted such high quality you wouldn't be shopping in the $20 and under headphones :)That being said they are very good for sound.  Sounded very good on a portable CD player.Only drawbacks I can see is that a person with large/tall ears won't get thier ears covered by the earpads.  The inside opening of the earpads is aprox 2 1/4 inchs tall by 1 3/4.  IMO they could have been made bigger.Also, if you have a tall head ( good distance from top of head to ear ) you may find fully extended the headphones might not reach your ears.I have a head like Drew Carry ( give you an idea head size/shape I'm talking about) and if the extension to each earpiece would have been any shorter they wouldn't have fit.I wear glasses as well by the way and the headphones don't interfere, bind, pinch or anything like that with my glasses.So, I highly recomend them if low cost headphones is what you are after( I don't recomend things often :) )     
1 when i opened my package i was a little disappoined with this product but after using it for a while i learned to like it. it is easy to use the front controls with the inno but akward to turn on and off. overall a nice case. shoped around and found amazon had best price with free shipping. received in about one week 
1 Still embarking on spooling off all the Hi-8 tapes I have, but I've been VERY satisfied with the Plextor unit so far.  First thing I did was to spool one Hi-8 tape and then make a DVD, using the functionality of the bundled WinDVD Creator software.  Good news: it worked, and a few hours after I started, I was watching the DVD I created, on my bedroom DVD player.  Bad news: the software is full of minor and sometimes more than minor annoyances.  It may be that I'm still climbing the learning curve with it, but I think it's just not very good.  I'm looking into other solutions, such as Pinnacle, Adobe Premiere Elements, etc.  Meanwhile, I keep spooling.I haven't yet tried the TV capture in any depth.  It looked like it worked, but again, with some annoyances on the software side.  Plextor could improve this offering vastly with the addition of some better bundled software 
1 I bought these for some Sony surround sound speakers, although I was initially concerned about the choice because they are made from what is(essentially) plastic.  However, they turned out to be very sturdy, and easy to install.  I also have to commend the mannufacturer for including very detailed instructions as well as a large selection of mounting hardware.  Well worth the price 
1 Popped it in, works like a charm. Hardest part is opening the packaging, but other than that no worries 
1 "My husband and I bought this for our new home and we're both thrilled!  He loves that it holds our new TV and stereo system, and I love the way it looks. It's extremely sturdy and he was able to put it together in less than a couple of hours. We're so glad we found something we could both agree on!  What a great piece of furniture! 
1 They are good for the price. They have a very good sound quality, or at least better than the ones that came with my Sony Walkman DEJ001. The only problem I had is when I connected them to my older Philips player, it had a low volume output. And then again, even on the Sony player, I had to have the volume at 7, and it only goes to 9. If you have a high output player or a computer, these will be great, but if your using them for a low output or old device, these probably won't cut the cheese 
1 Easy to mount on the wall. Though this item came with hardware with different sizes, I still had to buy some hardware with different length than what they supplied. This mount perfectly suited for my 46" Sony LCD flat panel. In about 30 min, I could mount TV on this bracket. 
1 seems to be good quality. has a strong rubber scent, and no cutouts for the 4 small buttons though 
1 The reviewer below identifying himself as "An Electronics Fan" obviously has a deep bias against Bose.  His multiple reviews about Bose products--here and elsewhere--are transparently motivated by some animus against Bose.  Was he fired by Bose? Did a member of the Bose family reject his romantic advances?  Did a Bose executive accidentally run over his cat?  Did he drop a Bose speaker on his foot and hurt his toe? The true motivation for this guy's negative reviews would be fun to know.  In the meantime, what we do know is that he has no credibility, and his reviews (two here, others elsewhere for other Bose products; he's made maligning Bose his life's work, apparently)) should disregarded.I bought a set of black 301's several years ago to go with my Onkyo receiver.  We have it hooked up to a television and DVD player for movies.  These speakers are in constant use both for the DVD and for music of all types.  The room in which they are placed is huge, with an 18 foot-high flat ceiling.  The speakers saturate the room with exquisite sound day after day. The speakers work fine for spoken audio for DVD's; we can hear dialogue perfectly; I feel no particular need for a surround-sound system. Several times my young daughters have turned on the 100 watt amp with the volume turned all the way up or close thereto. I feared a ruptured speaker cone, but the 301's are very forgiving, no damage has been done. The cats sleep on the speakers; they clean right up and still look new after five years.  These speakers keep on giving total satisfaction, and I quite simply love them.About three years ago I decided to go all out in another room and bought the highest quality stereo stuff on the market, or at least what I determined to be best after a lot of research. This included a set of the gold-series tower speakers from Monitor Audio. (The speaker cones are metallic, with some amount of gold, and gold connections, etc., etc.) These Monitor Audios have to be the best looking speakers ever made (real wood veneer cabinetry, with the gold cones and the black covers, etc.). These speakers cost well over a thousand dollars each.  Well, I must confess, as awesome as the Monitor Audios sound, I can't really say they sound any better than the Bose 301's!!! They can maybe handle more power, but I assure you the Bose 301's will play loud enough to bring the cops to your doorstep in five minutes or less.So, when I recently set up my third stereo in a bedroom, I looked forward to buying a third type of speakers.  I ran around and listened to what I could find on display.  Well, after much contemplation, I went for a second set of the Bose 301's!!!  They just couldn't be beat, and I would have gladly spent more if I had found something I liked better. But I'm not going to spend more just so I can say I spent a lot...there has to be increased performance. And, in my opinion, the 301's couldn't be out-performed by any other bookshelf speaker of any price range. My first set of 301's were black.  This time I went for the cherry. Folks, these are absolutely beautiful speakers: almost as cool looking as my Monitor Audios.  The black cover and the black housing fixture in the back really accentuate the cherry colored wood. No, it is not real wood, but it looks very nice.  These things are simply gorgeous. The kind of "mod" or futuristic shape which Bose has designed really stands out in this lighter-colored version.  And, yes, they sound just as good as my original pair.  I listen to soft music (jazz, typically, or ambient) in the morning and these speakers deliver all the nuances at very low volume; I listen to hard rock at high volume on other occasions, and the 301's don't scare away or distort at all: these things would tear the house apart before they'd lose sound quality.So, yes, I recommend these highly.  They'd still be the speaker of choice for me at three or four times the price 
1 I have two iPods that don't work.  I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I can't fix and Apple can't fix.  So, I thought I'd buy 1GB iPod a year later and that broke down even with a new computer.  So, this time I made the right decision and bought the 30 GB Zune.  Wow!  The Zune is so much better!  It has such a better feel to it and the controls react nicely, instead of making you frustrated like the iPod.  The screen is perfect.  Sound quality is excellent.  5 Stars for the Zune.  
1 I liked this charger so much that I ended up ordering a second unit. Premium solid performance in addition to 3 years warranty! I called Lenmar company since the fan on the second charger did not work out of the box but guess what, they sent me another charger without hussle! The call took about 2 minute and the replacement part was already on its way, they definetly stand by and back up their warranty. No problems with the second unit and If I ever need another one I would still buy a lenmar. The two middle charging slots supposed to work only on lenmar PPRO-H batteries, one can use the slot number 1 and 4 for regular NiMH batteries, it charges regular high capacity batteries to an 80% level in less than 15 minutes, and the other PPRO-H batteries in about 7-8 minutes. I didn't notice difference between my rechargeable energizer batteries and the the PPRO-H batteries, but the PPRO-H kind are more durable. This charger is the best in its category because it support worldwide voltage 110-240 V and the first to use NeoTherm charging technology! it's solid and heavy duty charger, not like the cheap kind that are everywhere. I went through lots of sony chargers but you know what? They will never see my money again! the sony chargers are crappy and fry a lot, I have been using the MSC815 since October 2005 almost daily and never once I had an issue with it 
1 I don't bother charging my Zune from the computer any more. This is the only way to go 
1 This is the perfect little tv/dvd for a little girl's room! The picture is great and Hello Kitty pops on screen for certain commands (volume, channel change..). My daughter age 4 loves it. I would have given this product 5 stars but there are a couple drawbacks...the remote control is has SO many buttons and they are VERY tiny, very close together. I can barely read what each button does because the labels/print is also VERY tiny. This is annoying when in my daughter's darkened room and I have to turn on a bright light just to find the pause button... the other thing I have to point out that bugs me is that you can't eject/or open the dvd player unless the tv is in dvd mode. In other words when I go to put in a dvd, I can't just push "open". Nothing will happen. You have to find the right button, choose "dvd" from a choice of 3-4 things, and only then will the tray slide open. All in all, these things would not prevent me from buying this tv again...although it would be nice if they did come out w/ a more kid friendly remote with bigger buttons/symbols for a small child to recognize... One great thing I want to point out--there is fast forward scan that you can watch as it fast forwards (something not all dvd players offer) and this is great when you are putting a dvd in for your child and they want to skip all those pre-movie ads....you can FF right to the beginning of the movie!!!     
1 I love the feel of this gamepad...after trying several others this is the best. The wireless works ok, i was 20 feet away and it was working.The batteries are what needs improving according to many posts. I thought i had a dead battery but it ended up being a bad connection inside. With a small screwdriver pushed up through the bottom can take apart the battery case. on the positive side of each battery there are two small pieces of plastic. you just need to push these down so the battery has a better chance of connectiing. i also found new batteris at interstate battery store, 1 dollar each. The analog sticks could be a little tighter, but i like the d pad. wireless is great 
1 This compact mini was exactly what we needed to use as a server for our photography studio. All computers can pull from it with no noticible slow down. It was the smoothest install and network to our 6 computers. I will buy another very soon to use as a backup to the first 
1 Garmin has great ideas that suffer from the company they belong to.  This option is a great thing to add to your 305 if you spin indoors or want to increase the accuracy of the GPS.  NOW if only the software was smart about how and when to use the Sensor ... 
1 This Sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you don't have your laptop, or a dictionary handy.  The interface is intuitive and the keyboard is amongst the best I've ever used on this type of device.  Moreover, the access times for Dictionary and Thesaurus lookups are very fast; the "phrase search" function is a little bit slower, but not intolerable.  There are also "crossword puzzle" and "anagram solver" functions that I have not used, but I imagine work fine.  Another positive for this product is the fact that it uses a single AAA battery, not some watch-type cell battery.The only negative is that it does not have a backlight for the screen, but neither do many of the other comparable dictionaries.  Hopefully Sharp will smarten up and put that in a future version of the PW-E550.  I believe this is BY FAR the best electronic dictionary you can get for less than $100, and no, I do not work for Sharp Electronics 
1 Our Oskar Multimedia Storage Cabinet arrived in a timely manner and was in very good condition. My husband assembled the unit with ease, until it was time to nail the card board backing on. Following the instructions he laid the unit down on it's face, of course the kick-board had already been added so it didn't lay flat. When nailing on the backing the "J" board (the center shelf holding the entire unit together) split at every point of contact.We had ordered our Oskar Storage Cabinet through Amazon, directly from Ritz Camera. So, naturally I called Ritz to replace the "J" shelf. I was informed I would have to return the entire unit. I immediately pictured myself trying to get all those shelves back into the box and figured that was more trouble than I wanted to go through.So, I tracked down the number for Oskar and called them directly. They were very efficient and helpful. Within minutes I had their assurance that they would ship a new "J" shelf to my home - at no additional charge. The shelf arrived within the promised ten-days.This unit was exactly what we ordered and works well for it's intended purpose. I would caution you to be very careful nailing on the backboard, so as not to split the center shelf. My favorite feature of the Oskar Multimedia Wood Storage Cabinet is that they include plenty of extra shelves, unlike so many other brands. I have an entire stack of shelves that I can add as needed. I would love to have three or four more of these units. 
1 I used this recorder alot, I have alot of classes,and the playback is good, it has little folders where if you recorded on one section rather than worrying that you haven't listened yet you can move to the next folder and record.  The sound quality is good, 36h record time which can be broken up to folders.  The only thing when you are recording make sure tht you adjust the volume, i forgot to turn the volume alittle higher and the recording was low,and that goes vice versa as well,. Nice little easy to maneuver recorder without having to be overwhelmed with the buttons 
1 This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years.  I just can't see spending alot of money on something thats going to naturally wear out.  This model is one that I find comfortable for the hand and durable in the using.  If you want a good, reliable, comfortable mouse, this logitech is a good choice 
1 This is a great product for those who probably don't write too much. As an engineering student, I found the incapability of this product to interpret greek letters and equations quite understandable - however, it maxed out at 6 pages and that is just too little for even an hour or note taking in a tough class. Plus, It would be nice to be able to turn off the pen occasionally 
1 This has been the best investment I've made for quite some time.  After experiencing the black out after the earthquake that hit Hawaii last year and having my computer die, I invested into this unit.  I read a few reviews from various sites that said there was issues with it and that often times it came broken.  I thought to myself the good reviews outweigh the bad so I'm going to try it and see.  Sure enough this unit came with no problems.  I plugged it in and let it charge over night.  I then added my computer and my monitor to it.  I've seen it kick in while the lights dimmed at my home and I'm so thankful that it has saved my computer.  If anything everyone should invest in one of these for their computers.  I fix computers for a living and more often than not people bring in their dead computers due to a power outage or power surge 
1 This item is BR1500, which also called RS model vs. the BX1500 called XS models.  External battery BR24BP can be used for both BR1500 and BX1500.  The capability to connect external battery is great, since that can help reduce the downtime when California experiencing "rolling black" in the summer.There are basically 2 differences between the Back-UPS RS(BR1500) and the Back-UPS XS (BX1500) models besides their names.1. The Back-UPS RS models have both 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem data-line protection and 10/100base-T ethernet protection, where as the Back-UPS XS models only has 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem protection.2. The Back-UPS RS models have both Boost* and Trim** as features of Automatic Voltage Regulation (AVR), where as the Back-UPS XS only has Boost. When the input voltage increases above the high transfer point of a Back-UPS XS model it will only go to battery.*AVR Boost: The UPS is compensating for a low utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently low.**AVR Trim: The UPS is compensating for a high utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently high. BX1500 does not have the AVR trim feature, when AC line voltage is higher than spec, it will switch over the battery power till the line voltage drops into the spec range.Please note this is called "backup UPS", not the "smart UPS" line.  Backup UPS does not produce pure sine wave. When power lost, it will take some milli-seconds to switch over to battery power.  "Smart-UPS" produces sine wave and the output AC was from DC source all the time. When AC input lost, the AC output will not have any interrupt.For most computers, the "backup-UPS" is good enough, since the power supply inside PC always have capacitors that can hold for about 100MS or longer. When "backup-UPS" switched over in about 20MS, the computer will continue operates without much impact.  But for A/V equipment, this may be an issue, especially the output is not pure sine wave.  I would not recommend use this UPS for A/V equipment 
1 This is truly the best WIFI you can get on the market right now. Its lightning fast its 4 machines put into 1. Most importantly I've had the best gaming experience ever. Now i can host games on Xbox live without lagging the rest of my teammates and that is no fun. The Linksys WRT330N Wireless-N Gigabit Gaming Router is well worth its money and a great investment. I recommend it highly to anyone that needs a great WIFI for whatever reason 
1 I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers. The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.The mounts are solid, and can be oriented in any direction easily. I am about to by three more for my center, and two fronts.I highly recommend 
1 I have an Explorist 210 and this bracket fits it like a glove.  Good sturdy bracket, uni-directional, with strong suction cups - installed over a month ago and still has not come loose from windshield.  Great product for the money (in my case $30.76 + free shipping).  Purchased a second one for my other vehicle. 
1 This product is really what I expected it to be. It has a very clear display with a high resolution for a 4 inch screen. The stereo sound is really good. And it has a long lasting battery. Buttons are easy to use. I tried recording from the television, and it is also satisfying. I had no problem about any divx or xvid video type. I really enjoy watching films with cowon a2. 
1 i am so satisfied with this product that i had to come back and write a review on this. it has good picture quality and sound quality is amazing! battery lasts very long which is very very useful n important feature for portable players. I love to watch movies on this and also love to connect this to my TV and watch on a big screen any place i go 
1 I did a bunch of research before i bought the a2. The things that sold me on it were :        1. Battery life.        2. It's got a voice recorder & encodes direct to MP3        3. I love the fact that it's "folder view" , all my music on my PC is   organized by Artist then Album anyway, so it's just copy and paste to get it onto the a2.Which leads to.................        4. Just copy mp3's & avi's on there like a removable USB drive.        5. A/V out to TV is cool.        6. A/V in to record video is a nice extra.So far it's played every avi i've thrown at it. I've got 15GB of music on there and just let it random play the whole lot I use the a2 mostly when driving. I got a nice FM transmitter that powers off the cig socket, sound quality is pretty good. Only problem i have is that i have to carry the a2 in the house at night for fear of it getting stolen out of the car !I also invested in the silicon cover from zcover-it comes with a plastic screen protector and is perfect for when my 2 yr old wants to watch one of his movies on there (the a2 makes for a great pacifier !)Mine came with the latest firmware on there so there was no need to upgrade.I'm very happy with the a2 and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for am honest to goodness media player and has no need for subscription services or any other force fed crap.         
1 Works great out of the box. Some reviews mentioned problems with the CD but mine worked fine but took some time to start on the first try.  It mounted easly under the upper kitchen cabinet.  No problem with signal strength happy to say since the unit it replaced had problems.  The brightness of the digital clock is adjustiable and I use it as a night light in the kitchen.  The remote control is powerful enough to control the unit from accross the room and adheres to the refrigerater (magnet) with my wife useing it to hang things.  This is a Thomson Inc product (purchased the GE & RCA names several years ago) that makes TV's ect.I am very happy with the product and recommend it 
1 i've used allot of different adapters but this one is got to be the best ever. the Linksys WPC54GX4 work with all routers,but when you pair it up with the Linksys WRT54GX4 router look out, my range increased and i'm getting upwards of 250mb of speed, setup is also a breeze 
1 I purchased this dehumidifier to tackle my overly-humid house.  I live in California, but my house is naturally very humid (around 75% on average).  The humidity frequently gets up to around 80% and above in the winter as verified with a hygrometer.  Mold was fast becoming a problem.  I have used this dehumidifier for over two weeks now, and it is scary how well it works!  I placed it in the bedroom were the hummidity was at it's highest, and it lowered my 15'x15' room from 75% to 50% in less than three hours!It has a quiet fan that I have no problem sleeping with.  The tank is easy to empty and it is light enough to move from room to room.I have not owned any other dehumidifiers before, so I have no basis of comparison, but I am in love with this one!  It was completely worth the price 
1 I bought it in Feb 2006, never had any problem. Occasionally it stops working and just restarting both the units (sender and receiver) fixes the problem. I am so satisfied I am buying another pair 
1 This has got to be the easiest piece of tech I have ever set up. Except for charging, it took under 5 minutes. It works as advertised. I use SkypeIn and SkypeOut. My phone bill is now $68 a year instead of $384. I also get voice mail for free with the SkypeIn. Call quality seems as good as Ma Bell. I was concerned with it being made by Netgear, as I have had spotty luck with their products. I liked this phone so much, I just purchase another handset(It can support up to 4). This phone will pay for itself in a few months 
1 Im not a professional keyboard player. I bought this keyboard to have something to play around in with reason and Guitar Pro.  It suits those needs great.  Its detects right away and withing minutes you will be playing. The keyboard itself is extremly small reminds me of a kids toy keyboard.  If your looking for something more professional you will probably have to fork out the $100 bucks and get the bigger model.  
1 This is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference. But to see the beam (not just the dot at the end of the beam) you need some sort of particles in the air for the light to bounce off of. Using the laser pointer with a little dust or mist in the air will make the beam clearly stand out. And if you are wondering, no matter how bright your laser is, without particles in the air you wont see the beam. At concerts where they use the big argon lasers, they always have fog machines near them to give give the laser something to bounce its light off of 
1 Although I prefer the AKG K701 for most of my listening, this competing entry from Beyer is so close that it's almost a coin toss. (One recent comparison in a headphone artcle came up with a dead heat.) This is surprising, considering that the DT880 is one of the most reasonably priced of the major mid-priced headphones. The bass is full but nicely textured - not a touch of bass bloat to be found here. The highs are detaied and never seemed sharp to me, and the overall sound offers a huge soundstage. Instead of the music being on top of your, these Beyers lend a perceived distance of a few feet; ths makes classical music sound doubly elegant, and surprisingly makes rock music grandiose in an appealing kind of way. These headphones don't require a headphone amp, but certainly profit from one. The 30 ohm version makes for more volume, though the 250 ohm version is standard, and best for most daily listening. The DT880 sounds great, but lacks a tad of the K701's high-end sparkle. Conversely, Beyer's value, comfort, and workmanship can't help but impress. This is a phone that has labored under the shadow of the AKGs and the Senn 650s, but listeners are always impressed by the DT880s sound. It may be your best value in a mid-priced, all-purpose headphone 
1 This has a nice size screen. It only has 3 buttons.Play pause and stop so if you like a dvd player without alot of pizazz this is it. I was trying to figure out how you picked the different scenes and you had to push the stop button. I just found this out by trial. There was a few times during the dvd that it would turn into digital. This would only last a second or two. At first I thought it was the dvd but its done it on all three of them. The volume control is on the side, as well as the power button. It could have a little higher volume but it was sufficient for me 
1 Very good product. Small, easy to store. Well worth the very reasonable price 
1 Great invention to those who don't want to be attached to an IPOD, and like an updated version of a "juke box". Easy to use, load, unfortunately however, it requires an receiving unit to broadcast the sound 
1 I'm not any expert in the computer world. But this product it is very easy to install. The range is very strong.I'm very hapy with this product!!! 
1 I have some doubts that this product gets anywhere near the 400ft range it advertises, but it works nonetheless, and really considering that my router is in the basement and on the other side of the house, I figure I ought to be grateful that it works at all. I do suffer from fairly frequent disconnections, but I suspect it's related to where I have things in the house, no so much the product. In fact, I can usually view numerous wireless connections used by my various neighbors that this device picks up. Install went quickly and easily on my winxp pro sp2 machine. It's compact and conveinient to hook up to the desktop and laptops as needed. Can't complain, especially for the price 
1 I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until these V-MODA earbuds came in. They are awesome.  The fit is so comfortable and the sound it wonderful. I got them on sale for less than they are running right now on Amazon, so I feel pretty good about the purchase.  = 
1 Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster Cable SV1/100-M A/V cable (to test is out) was plug one end it into my cable box's A/V output jack, then plug the other end into one of my VCR's A/V input jacks.  The result?  The TV reception coming through the VCR wasn't crappy anymore!!I ended up getting two of these A/V cables to hook up my Sony DVD player to my TV via a Terk VS-4 switch.  The picture is phenomenal!!  I plan to get two more soon to improve the reception from my VCR & my cable box.  These A/V cable are worth EVERY penny that you spend on them!!  You can't go wrong with Monster Cable! 
1 This is a great card for a laptop, however they need to correct their problems with the installer for XP. Also to get thru to them for any help is a major challenge, took me 4 days to get thru on their 800 line. Once you do get to them they fix the problem right away, seems they know it will not install correctly. Then it works great 
1 The product description is incorrect, USB 2.0 works fine on the newer Macs that have such ports. It's overpriced; buy a gently-used one 
1 I use this bag to carry my HP NC6000 business notebook. I have received many complements on this bag 
1 This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage.  I'm in law school, so I'm constantly throwing my computer in my bag along with heavy casebooks, keys, and other junk.  My old iBook survived tremendous abuse, and after two years looked like it had been through a war.  The Speck case protects the MacBook's shell and even the screen, in a roundabout way.  Normally, if you put a Mac into a briefcase or bag with heavy books, the books will press against the shell, and the screen inside will press against the keys leaving dents and screwing the the LCD.  The Speck case is very stiff, so even the heaviest books and the worst abuse don't push the screen onto the keyboard.  Plus, if you put a red case on a white Mac, people will think you're in some secret club that has access to red Macs.Cons: it's next to impossible to remove the top case with two hands - you need a buddy to get it off.  Also, dust starts to collect under the bottom case (static?), so you need to take off the bottom monthly to clean.  Fortunately the bottom case is easier to remove for cleaning.  
1 I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop (15.4 inch screen) and a couple of notebooks.  The pack has plenty of room for these items and still a couple of empty front pockets for additional gear.  With all that weight, the pack is still comfortable to wear and has yet to bother my back 
1 These DVDs are probably the highest quality and most reliable that I have tried.  And given their low price, what is there not to like?  I would recommend these to just about anyone 
1 In comparison to the component cables, the quality is a little better.  I don't think I agree with those who say you MUST have HDMI cables to get a good picture, but I am extremely satisfied with the product and I don't regret purchasing it.  Amazon's price for this product is unmatched 
1 Totally agree with the other reviewers' comments. Originally, I was going to buy Canon's adapter for my Powershot A640 not realizing it was plastic!! Plus, even with shipping, this is still cheaper (by 5 bucks) and its metal! FYI--If you don't have any filters (like I didn't) get Tiffens 3 filter set 52mm (Circular Polarizer, UV protector, and 812-warming len) a good buy for the price--I bought it because of the reviewers' comments and don't regret it 
1 It costs 30% - 40% less than the Canon LA-DC58F Conversion Lens Adapter and it's metal, not plastic... need to say more 
1 I purchased 4 of these adapters (3 extra) so I could hook up my macbook's digital output for digital surround sound through my Logitech speakers. The product works exactly as I expected... great digital sound from my macbook. Parts Express did an excellent job of getting my order to me sooner than I expected (ordered on a Saturday, and they had the package to the courier by Saturday night.) Very prompt service... I would definitely order from them again. Overall a great product from a prompt company! 
1 I've been looking for a pair of headphones like this for years.  I've used these for 8 months now and wear them almost everyday.  I ride a motorcycle everyday and I never leave without these.  First, the comfort is exceptional.  Even with my helmet on, I never get uncomfortable with these in my ears.  I've ridden 400 miles at a time without any problems.  Even when I need a break from the music, I leave these in because they do such a great job of blocking wind and bike noise.  I've used several other brands of canal earphones and none have been comfortable - tolerable at best, but most are painful with a helmet on.  The "bulb" you see in the picture rests in the crook of your ear, so there is nothing extending past your ear to get crammed in deep.  Second, the sound quality is fantastic.  Great bass, mids, and highs.  I've heard things in my music I never knew was there and I can't wait to listen more.  I can't recommend these enough.  I've bought a pair for my brother and may have to buy a pair for my wife because she keeps taking mine 
1 Excellant product, excellant price, hope to do business again, ty, for fast speedy shipment, a pleasure doing business with you 
1 This really works, i have 3 zp100's and 1 zp80, using a NAS for storage of my mp3's. the whole thing hangs together perfectly. if you want to get music through your whole house this is a great way to do it. MOST IMPORTANTLY TECH SUPPORT IS GREAT!!! 
1 Wow! I didn't trust the other review.  I needed a mini amp, so I decided to bought this one, because of the price and of the dual purpose.  Right out of the box, it actually smell bacon!! Amazing, it was true!  And not only that.  If someone is trying to kick you out of your house because of the noise of your beloved amp, and don't want to stop, this is the mini amp for you.  Can't believe the speaker in it.  And, about the disto, well, is OK for practice. Won't regret about it. 
1 I have had this items before, in fact this is a replacement for one that was mounted on my motor home. the windshield had to be replaced and a new antenna was needed. Works fine, just like the one before. A very eash purchase and fast delivery 
1 I've been using this NAS for a month and it's great!  The box is quite speedy with a Maxtor ATA 133 drive with a 16mb cache.  I have it wired and it never disconnects and will transfer large files without hanging.  Got it up and working in around 40 minutes and have it set to incrementally back up my files.  Very slick!  I can't get the built in FTP server to work through my firewall but I think that's a ports issue.  All in all a great box 
1 I wanted to be able to shoot lots over several days without dragging a laptop with me through multiple airports. I bought two and both worked fine, right out of the box. Not the fastest card ever, but certainly large storage for the price 
1 When I bought these I was mainly looking for a long enough cord to be able to put my MP3 player in my pocket. Not only is the cord legnth great but so is the sound. I didn't expect the sound quality to be so good in such an inexpensive product. The cord also has a built in volume control so I don't have to dig the player out of my pocket to adjust the volume. The buds are quite comfortable, I have worn them for hours at a time with no problem. I love these 
1 I just purchased a MoGo mouse, and I'm *amazed* at how usable it is.  I was extremely skeptical (and probably wouldn't have bought one) until I was able to try a colleague's mouse and see for myself how comfortable it is.  The ONE thing - and it's a pretty big thing - is the lack of "scroll-wheel" technology.  That's a sorely missed feature in this mouse.That said, there are always trade-offs, but in this case that's the only one.  Battery life seems great, usability is great, convenience is great...just add the touch pad and it'll be THE mouse for notebook computer users! 
1 When you look at the price, it may seem pricey but when you get the product, there is some serious engineering involved.  The web reviews have all been favorable and this is the reason I bought an Ergotron.  The attention to detail is incredible.  Mounting the middle monitor is definitely a two-person job. Other than that the installation was flawless.  This is a very solid and well machined.  Kudos to Ergotron.  (Also these guys are serious about ergonomics -- 10 pages on how to set proper height for various installations.) Wonderful product - 5 stars.  Shipping from Amazon was slow and behind schedule. 
1 I am an IT Director and bought these for exercisers for my users. The outside is like a balloon, only much stronger rubber, and the inside is gel. When you squeeze them, the part that squeezes through your fingers changes color - it's cool! The resistance is very good and my users love them! Good product - great value and excellent quality 
1 When you get these cartridges right out of the box they work great, but after you start to print out a lot of pictures you really notice the quality deteriorate. It really seems to run out of one color much quicker  than the others. Personally its usually red. It has caught me with my pants  down a couple times, going to print out a project the night before its due,  only to run out of red or blue ink. I would definetly suggest to always  have an extra one around just in case 
1 I use only the best products, not refills or other manufactures as I have had problems with print cartridges that have ruined my printers. The HP ink jet cartridges are the best. I will always buy them 
1 This is a great case. I have had no problems with it, and works very well. It's also very "sexy" if you want to put it that way, and looks really cool. Only trouble I have is that when I open it sometimes, it'll make a click sound because 2 pieces touch, but its very minor and does no damage. It's a great item! However, if you intend to bang your laptop around a lot, I'd recommend one of those soft outer cases too, because this is not intended to protect the hard drive etc. Just protect it from scratches and smudges. I recommend it highly 
1 After ruining another pair of over-the-head headphones, I decided to check these out.  They are actually on sale at 50% off, and I've just tried mine out.  The audio is very sharp, especially with the base, though it seems to be not as loud as my old pair, I can just increase the volume to compensate.  At $35, this is a GREAT deal.  They feel great.  The band that most headphones have presses down on your head, but not too much.  It also folds down quite nicely, though it looks too brittle to be able to handle too much stress.  Haven't tried out the actual noise-cancellation feature, but if the rest of the headphone quality is consistent, then it will work just as well.  It also comes with a carrying bag that can probably also hold your MP3 player, if you so wished.  However, it easily fits into a jacket pocket.  Great, great, great design and comfort 
1 This card works exactly as stated by StarTech. I bought two - one for a PC and one for a Mac, popped 'em in and plugged in iPods, external hardrives, a scanner, and digital cameras and the cards worked perfectly. The PC needed a quick setup and the Mac worked instantly!And all at a great price!Can't figger out why you guys are having trouble 
1 Bought this player for its size (sports) and its Napster compatibility. Updated the firmware after having a rocky start; but things seem a little more stable now. Also seemed to shut off in cold weather when outside for long periods (around 0 degrees Celsius) - odd behaviour - but mostly OK now that we are in the Spring teens again. Haven't found a case yet to protect from sweat. Interface is what I expected - dead simple. No complaints for the price 
1 I was ready to take this player back to the store!  I checked the sandisk web site and stumbled across a link to "how to" videos.  This was the best thing I could have found.  The videos walk through all the settings you need to configure on your PC to get the player to work for drag and drop, showing album art...  I had no idea my PC was set not to show hidden folders!  Who would hide folders anyway?  Nonetheless I now have a player loaded with music and am a happy customer.  Like others have said the photo option is not that great so don't buy it for that.  I mostly want it for working out so pics don't make much of a difference to me.  DH has a 30G ipod so if I wanna see graphics I can just borrow that lol!I have over 250 mp3 formatted songs on the player (and it's full) and will likely get a micro SD card so I can expand it a little bit.All in all, I do like this little player 
1 Excellent machine, great performance Saved lot of time and desk space. Great Scanning speed and qualit 
1 I have had other APC battery backup's in the past, and the only negative comment about the product is the size and space required for the unit.  Given our power failures, brown out, and the high wind and storms in our area the APC does an excellent job.  I have not only my desktop PC, but my scanner, printer and digital camera on the system and it has saved my equipment numerous time for the power surges and failures 
1      I did a lot of research, not wanting to rush into anything and then regret it after seeing something else a week later. I was about to buy the newest 40" 720p Samsung for $1899... then I stumbled upon this one at Circuit City for $1999 and bought it on the spot... paid about $50 for delivery and had it in my living room about three hours later. I've had it a week now, and I love it.     Standard-definition picture quality is just okay, but are any of us buying these TVs to watch SDTV? I get about 15 HD channels through my cable company, including all four major networks plus ESPN, ESPN2 and a couple music and movie channels. Therefore, a majority of everything I watch is available in HD anyway. SDTV content still looks decent from the typical viewing distance of 10-12 feet. HD content looks awesome (including black levels), and my cable provider broadcasts in only 720p. I can only imagine how good 1080p content is going to look once it becomes available.     I'm going to wait another year or two for the High-Definition DVD format war to play out before I buy a Blu-Ray or HD-DVD player. But I've watched standard-definition DVD on my Xbox with this TV, and the picture is beautiful. I'm sure High-Definition DVD would look a little better in a side-by-side comparison, but you will not have any complaints watching standard-definition DVD on this TV.     In short, this is an excellent TV, especially compared to other 1080p  models in its size range. If you're looking for something in the range of $2000-$2200, this is the one you want. Enjoy 
1 There are over 100 reviews. I am not saying the same thing again. I just throw my rating in.All I can say is... You will be better off if you completely learn how to master this calculator 
1 I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail.  I can now spin the wheel several times before the screen actually scrolls.  The best feature of this mouse is the battery life.  A coworker who swears by his Logitech mouse would change his batteries every couple of months, but I usually got at least ten months out of mine.  I even took to dating the batteries when I installed them, just to rub it in.This mouse is a bit heavy and does not slide as well as some, but overall I would recommend it.Going to try a rechargable Logitech next time around 
1 I don't know where the guy below got that this card doesn't work with Windows Media Center Edition because I just installed the latest XP drivers for the card on Media Center Edition 2005 and it works perfectly.  I sold my GIGAPort AG to get this because of the much better signal/noise ratio that the FireWire Audiophile has and it made a big difference.  Very clean sound!  I use it to DJ with using MixVibes, using the ASIO drivers and it works beautifully!  A great buy to say the least... pick one up, you wont regret it 
1 We purchased this TV in Dec of 2006.  We are very happy with it.  It was very easy to plug and play...had it ready in no time for holiday... I would definitely recommed it to new buyers 
1 It was easy ordering, easy delivery and satisfying outcome. Love the TV 
1 Have only used it a couple of times in a month, and feel like I've already justified the low cost. - Should be fine for my intermittent use 
1 First off... I like this unit.  It's EASY to use, and it does a fine job of taking your old LPs and making CDs out of them.  All you need to do is place a blank AUDIO CD into the deck (it doesn't work with regular data CDs), hit the phono/aux button, followed by the record button and then after you place the needle on the LP... take it out of pause.  It starts recording instantly.  Between each song, hit a button and it break the recording into tracks.  Pretty cool!It's got great potential, but there are still a few shortcomings.  For example, I was surprised to see that it doesn't let you record off of the radio.  Just as surprising to me was the fact that the radio tuner wasn't digital. It's a pain in the neck having to fiddle with the dial to tune in to your favorite stations.  You turn back and forth over and over like it was a radio from 40 years ago.I wouldn't mind the analog tuner too much if it at least had a handful of presets.  This also makes the remote control somewhat useless too.  Oddly, the remote does have an AM/FM button.  They should just label it the "Radio" button, because when you think of it, switching from AM to FM or vice versa using the remote makes no sense at all because you would need to re-tune the station too, using the dial.Another key point is that the unit doesn't have any outputs at all.  So you can't pipe the output from the turntable into your other systems or use any other speakers.I would rate this as 3.5 stars, but since we can't use half stars, I'll give it 4 for one big reason.... For all it's shortcomings, it works, and there are very few alternatives.Speaking of alternatives, here are a few other options.1. A standalone CD-Recorder.  I have one of these too.  The advantage of this type of deck is that it fits into your existing system like an old cassette deck.  In my case, my stand alone unit has two drives, so not only can I record from any source in my system, but I can dub from one drive to the other.  Also, my deck can make MP3 CDs from regular CDs (It's easier than using a PC, however the song titles are just numbers).  In my case, I opted not to use this for my LP projects, because I no longer have a turntable.  I decided that as long as I needed a new turntable, I might as well pay a bit more for this unit.2. Crosley makes a simuilar unit, but it costs a bit more and the reviews I read seemed to point out that although it looks better, the turntable itself was flimsy and it skipped a lot.3. A portable digital recorder like the iKey Plus.  I found one of these a few weeks ago and I love it.  You plug your turntable or other external source into it... plug a USB storage device into the port tap a button or two to decide the quality (.WAV vs several MP3 sampling rates)... Viola!  It records directly to your flash drive, iPod or external hard drive.  If you do go that route, make sure you get the "Plus" model.  The older model is outdated and doesn't work as well.4. Use a PC.  Even though it will give you the best possible sound and options, it's out of the question for me because I do not want to move my PC near my stereo every time I want to make a recording, nor do I want to move my stereo next to my PC... or bog it down while I'm trying to use it for that matter.Keep in mind that if you record your CDs using one of the stand alone decks, you can still clean up the hiss and pops by loading the CDs you made into a PC afterwards, then filtering the files with your favorite audio software, then re-burn the files to CD or MP3. 
1 Right price and works off of USB!  The sound is terrible on MacBook so this will fill in nicely 
1 I bought this cute little speaker from Walmart (14$) and it is so compact and very useful. It also matches with my other speakers of Sony Dream system.This has 4 USB ports (So good when they stay on your desktop rather than on your pC sitiing down the table.). They are lighted, so that you can plug them in even night. Speaker is good quality and it has one USB connection and One DC connection.Quality of sound is good if not excellent. Overall It is a great buy for the price. 
1 Works as advertised, I needed longer range and it provided, easy setup, stable connection 
1 Fast Service and great price!  Work great for about a mile or so but then I got them for shopping with my wife, she is at one end of the store and I am at the other 
1 So I received my Go-510 and expected it to work right out of the box.  It powered up, great windshield adapter, no problems with the connections, bluetooth works perfectly, Ipod controls - no problem.  Just one thing, NO SATELLITE FIX !!  It would not lock on - even after one hour in the open sky.  I thought, here goes....bad tech support....ship it back...But no.  I called tech support, got through to a human (very knowledgable) in only 20 seconds.  Problem was fixed by upgrading firmware and the unit works perfectly.  I read on many sites of the problems plaguing these units.  Apparently, they have all the bugs out because every aspect, every feature is cool and workable.  The TomTom Go-510 is highly recommended in my book and mad props to the tech support crew - way to roll 
1 sent quickly and nicely packaged. these will do the job for those desiring a shorter recording program 
1 This is my first experience with HDTV and wide screen.  This 46" Sony TV is excellent with HD programs; with regular broadcasts, it is a bit muddy, but that is the fault of the signal, not the TV.  I am very pleased with the overall quality of the set.  I had the set professionally installed and set up, and I am sure glad I did: install and set up are not for amateurs like me; if anything ever happens, I will be hard pressed to reset things.  Sony's instruction manuals are not that great 
1 My Panasonic RV31K is five years old this month and after thousands of hours playing movies it works just as well today as when I first took it out of the box. Panasonic makes quality products and just like anything else mechanical you can get a lemon. If this player ever dies (cross my fingers) I will get another Panasonic. I choose mine after reading all of the reviews here and in epinions.co 
1 The stick came in an excellent condition, and works perfectly. I recommend this product. 
1 I had looked at numerous stands for my Yamaha keyboard and didn't want to spend a ton of money for a professional grade stand (at professional prices).  With that in mind, the Yamaha PKBX2 Double X Portable Keyboard Stand is a good choice at $29.99.  I had seen other stands that were not as sturdy (single X stands)and cost about the same price.Tips for assembly: - Don't read the instructions, just look at the enlarged image of the keyboard on Amazon and assemble the stand the way it's shown.- The bolts for attaching the arms and legs come screwed in to the stand.  Use the (included )Allen Wrench to remove them.PROS:- Low price.- Solid, sturdy stand.- Works for just about any keyboard.- The stand's height is fully adjustable, and can be done in several seconds - without having to unscrew anything.CONS:- There is no way to attach a keyboard to this stand.  No screws, bolts or straps are included, even though most (including my Yamaha) keyboards have pre-drilled holes for screwing the board to a stand.  The keyboard simply sits on top of the stand.  I was VERY disappointed about this.- The included Allen wrench did not work for one of the bolts.  The bolt came screwed in to the stand way too tightly to be removed using the included tool.  The Allen Wrench only stripped the bolt, it did not loosen it.  Luckily my husband had a better Allen Wrench of nearly identical size, and that one worked.  Without it, we would not have been able to loosen the bolt 
1 Elegant design, sturdy construction.  Supports my Yamaha SY35 securely.  After reading the forbidding reviews I decided to assemble it without first reading the directions.  It took me 10 min 
1 I'm very happy with this device.  The suction cup holds very securly.  I would advise anyone who buys a satellite receiver to skip the adhesive mounting bracket that comes with it, it will come un-stuck eventually.  Just get one of these brackets and mount the radio right in the first place 
1 If you like to listen to audio tapes you will like this one. Replacing the provided headphones is a good idea. FM reception a little weak, but the tape play time on ONE AA battery is amazing. Lightweight and good quality for the price 
1 By far this is the best printer I've had I been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro photo look this the printer to own.The price is great delivery was very quick rec'd it next day.When you buy epson you won't back. 
1 Came quickly and was exactly as offered. I am completly satisfie 
1 I mean seriously, I'm running a Ubuntu box here. With other card-type things, sometimes I'd have to modify or find drivers and wrappers for some stuff to work - not with this. I just slid it into the computer and WA-BAM - makes my DVD player a bajillion times faster than it was before and just worked out of the box 
1 I just purchased the Archos 604 about 3weeks ago. So far so good. It interfaces very easily with the computer. Though I have not tried it using Windows Media 10 yet. I recommend at least buying the Archos Docking Adapter Kit (if you do not plan on using the Archos to record programs). It allows you to charge the unit without the computer and also allows you to connect it directly to your digital camera to transfer photos.The only negative that I have so far is that the volume, at its highlest level, is difficult to hear on an airplane. You may need some noise canceling headphones 
1 I ordered this for my teenage daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  The sound is great and the amplifier works well.  For the price it plays like a much more expensive instrument.  I recommend this to any new player wanting to learn the guitar 
1 I received a pleasent surprise. The keyboard was shipped sooner than I expected, arrived in perfect condition and works beautifully. I will buy from this vendor again 
1 It does work/live with DSL installed on the same line, ever heard of DSL filters? Too small? are you kidding? this phone is great all around 
1 The price I paid for this spindle of CD-R's was pretty good and have not had a problem yet. The only price that I have seen that beats this one was Staples running a sale of 50 for $10, but I have yet to use the stock that I bought as I still have about 25 left on the spindle. If you don't want to wait for their sale, this is an excellent bargain. The print surface has done very well with the inks from my Epson Photo R-220 
1 The case is nice, but I bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard.  It was too small.  The price was great, and the transaction was flawless 
1  Compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit this fixture unless you order special CF's with extended bases. Other than that, it can't be beat for the price and quality. Adorama Rocks 
1 I enjoyed putting this together. The spacers kinda threw me until I realized you use 2 per pole under each corner of a shelf. I got it assembled then my daughter pointed out that the DVD shelves weren't spaced properly [CD sized] so I had to take it apart and redo it, but that wasn't too bad. The spacers snap apart easily enough, even for my feeble fingers.  It's not terribly sturdy [maybe I didn't get the poles screwed down tightly enough] but as long as it's in its permanent location, holds the multimedia well. I really like the way it looks. Bought this item for my teenager and will have to get myself one, too : 
1 The AMD Ahtlon 64 Venice processor is great. Installed into my new Gigabyte MB without a hitch and runs very cool. That will give up some room for future overclocking. Overall I would highly recommend the processor. By applying for their credit card, I received a really low price from Amazon which was very surprising. About $170.00 with free shipping and no tax. Everyone else was $200-$230 for the same processor. It is a great CPU at a good price from Amazon 
1 I looked at all the different cases for my new iPod with video, and the reviews kept pointing me back to this case.  So I bought it.  it exceeds my expectations.  It's fantastic.My ipod is now completely contained and scratchproof.  This helps when down the road I might want to sell it.The screen cover is perfectly clear and seems very durable.  I like the fact that it's held off of the ipod's screen so it won't scratch.  The clickwheel is easily usable, actually more so because of the circle around it.I bought the case on Amazon from SonicSwap and am astounded at how fast I got it.  2 days! Amazing.This case is for the 60GB iPod with Video.  It clearly says that in the title; not sure how that one reviewer got confused about that.Don't hesitate.  This is THE case 
1 I gave my son a Garmin 60C for Christmas last year. Tinkered with it for a couple of days before handing it over. It worked well. Of course I wanted one for myself, but cash is cash, so I've been putting it off. (Side note - I wanted to borrow it for a trip this past spring, and when they went to get it, it had been stolen from their car map-pocket. It seems these are high-theft items; keep'em on a short leash.) My wife hadn't gotten me any "big" Christmas gift, so I told her I knew what I wanted, and started shopping. I debated between the eXplorist 500 and 600. Chose the 600, with its altimeter and thermometer. Probably could have lived without them, but hey, it's Christmas!It came yesterday, so I charged it a bit, and then it had no trouble finding 4 satellites under my deciduous tree cover. I had to go out to the street for the Garmin to find satellites. Took it out for a spin today. Spot-on navigation as I ran errands. It tracked back almost to the exact spot I had marked for home, though it had me driving down the wrong side of the street on that portion of my route that was a duplicate - so it's off by a few feet. (Maybe it still thinks it's in Britain?)Now - why only 4 stars? 1) the USB connector can attach to the unit either way. There's no instructions anywhere to say which way it should go. I called the 800 # and spoke with someone (in New Delhi) who had heard this a lot. She told me what to do, and the PC immediately recognized the GPS file system - as a removable disk drive, as advertised. I really find their Website information near-zero. Something as elementary as this should be covered on a Website after the 3rd call, eh?2) I bought the Mapsend 3D Topo software. I am interested in elevations. And it has detailed street maps. BUT - they're not routable! If you want routable streets (where the unit will route you along streets and not just a crow's flight direct path) for following in a car, then either you have to get both map products, or choose. It's rather frustrating. And the sales information provided on Amazon and the Magellan sites does not make this critical lack very clear. It tells you what you can do, but not what you can't and there's no product comparison to see what the differences are. On the Mapsend Topo box, it says very clearly, "NAVTEQ roads and streets data - like that found in the most expensive car navigation systems (non-routable)". Er, excuse me, then it's not quite like that found in expensive car systems, is it? I concur with other reviewers who find the software selection verbiage (on Amazon and Magellan) more obfuscating than informative. Why can't someone create a simple comparison chart for all the various map packages 
1 This card is one of the best, the  graphics are very high! i play games at full specs, needs a big chassis because generates heat, i did bought a TT Armor and my system works better, easy installation. 
1 Not a bad product, but has very little bass response and the weather channel does not come in very well, no matter where the antenna is positione 
1 I have been using a lot mouses during last years,but this is the best far away from the others.It's very comfortable to use it..... 
1 I compared it with low cost Monoprice and high cost Monster cable. I picked up 10' cable for about $70.00 from Amazon few months ago. It's been working pretty well. No complains so far and I like the thinness of cable. 
1 This 23" LCD HDTV has excellent image quality and looks really stylish, too.  It also comes with HDMI so you can hook up the latest HD video source such as HD-DVD or Blue-ray hi-def DVD players.  The LCD panel itself displays vivid, evenly-lit images, and ghosting appears to not be a problem on this model.I personally ended up opting for the Sharp LD-23SH1U HDTV LCD monitor because the Sharp works as PC/Mac monitor (plus J&R started offering a $[...]rebate).  But I think this Panasonic is a great choice, too, no doubt about that 
1 I purchased this so my PC could share a monitor with my XBOX360.  Does the job at a cheap cost!  So easy to use that my 4 yr. old can use it 
1 I've had this phone less than a week, but I have been pleased with it's performance so far. The set up was somewhat tricky, as many, if not all Skype addresses use a period in the address. None of the literature showed how to find the period. By accident I noticed it was available on the 1 button. After discovering that, the installation went flawlessly. If one is already familiar with the use of the alpha/numeric keypad, one would have no problems. If one is learning on this phone with the literature provided, one needs help. The phone has worked well with both the landline, and the Skypeout alternatives. I'm pleased enough that I'm buying two more as the equipment will accomodate up to four phones. 
1 This is just Great. Lots of storage for data files and pictures. Allows me to keep my file with me where ever I go. No additonal software required, just plug it in the USB Port and you have instant files, fast and easy to use. Small in size but big in storage. I give it 5 stars 
1 Code length of this product is very small. I had to buy an extention cord.The sound quality is not bad 
1 Turns out I don't like in-ear ear phones.  The sound on these is good, though the bass is a bit much in my opinion.  The in-ear style makes me feel deaf to the outside world.  If you do like this style, these are pretty good. 
1 These are the only reliable disks I have found.  I began a collection of Friends on my dvd-rws.  I have over 25 disks full so far and only had minimal problems with 1 or 2 disks.  I rewatch all my favorite episodes, of which I have over 100 and have no problems.  These are the best 
1 with over 3 hours recording time,these are great. I use them for meetings. No problems or errors 
1 To my eyes, the printer's rendition of colors is above average. It isn't horrible but neither is it the best. Pricewise it's an excellent deal with the 64mg of memory and the duplex feature. We've been using this hp quite a lot to generate mailing labels via Tray 2 (the default paper supply) and haven't any problems. The manual (electronic file) advises "Never print on the same sheet of labels more than once or print on a partial sheet of labels." So it's a pity that the rest of a multiple mailing label sheet has to be tossed for just one label. A wonderful quality of experience is the near "instant on" (very minimal warmup) feature and it's quiet. My previous Okidata c5300 was a noisemaker and was turned on only just before printing. Its time delay was also a disadvantage. I think most people will be very happy with the HP.[... 
1 I got the Canon CP400 printer a while back so I could make the occasional print to hand out (or put silly captions on "bad" Christmas party photos).I don't know how the printer manages to keep the image aligned as the paper goes in and out 4 times (yellow, magenta, blue, and the clear coat) but when it drops it out, I have a pretty nice print, complete with address lines and a stamp outline on back (plus Canon logo of course) - suitable for mailing as a postcard. About 1/2" of each end gets removed  after printing as it is used for traction of the rubber roller in the printer.I frequently print 3 shots vertically on a 4 x 6 card as sort of a mini proof sheet. I've also used the 4 x 8 size to print 2 side by side.Fun stuff 
1 This is a great printer for those who want to print on 12x12 scrapbook pages. It works well with heavier(cardstock) paper. It also prints great photos. I have a MAC i-book. I also use The Print Shop 2 program with it. It gives me great versatility with my pages & photos 
1 My criteria for my new printer purchase was:1. 11x172. individual inks3. reliable printer company4. easy installation/good customer service5. price (this was a bit pricey but the next step up was not a choice)So far for my needs this has been a great printer so far.  It does great quality prints for photos, school projects and more.  I wanted to have more versatility to make posters, labels, photos, etc...  My last HP wide format printer (1200c) lasted for over 5 years and I took it everywhere.  I have only had this for a few motnhs but it hasn't been a disappointment yet 
1 HP Officejet Pro K850:Initial Impression: Setup is easy: Documentation: Clear and concise:Did not use CD, downloaded full software package from HP's site: Installation on windows xp with DeskJet 5550 connected, without issue: All functions available:  Trial printings' on letter and 11 x 17 without issue: Quality as advertised: Networked using Linksys Wireless: Drivers installed on 2 Dell (win xp) laptops, over network, without issue.  Test printings over network without issue. Our print test consists of business graphics, text, manuals and genealogy (family) trees. Printing is quick with low noise. B 
1 Its a great graphics card, especially for the price. I got it to improve Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and it did. But the controls arent as clear as they could be for the anti-aliasing settings and the anisotropic filtering 
1 The only thing I will say about the BDP-S1 is that it is top quality.Picture and sound quality are top-notch, but everything really depends on the software.Now, if you are undecided about which camp to follow (Blu-ray or HD DVD), I'm here to tell you that Blu-ray will win.You see, I have both Blu-ray and HD DVD.I have about 20 HD DVD movies and about 20 Blu-ray movies. In terms of picture and sound quality, they are the same, but it is completely dependant on the software.But here is where the similarities end.1) Blu-ray is more durable. The BD movie discs have scratch-resistant coating. They don't scratch unless you forcefully scratch them.On the other hand, the HDDVD movies scratch like heck. I put all of my movies in a CD case. I recently noticed that ALL the HDDVD movies are scratched, but NONE of the Blu-ray movies are scratched. These are stored in the SAME CD case by me. I am extremely careful. None of my movies even have a fingerprint on them. So when I see scratches on 100% of my HDDVD movies, that really upsets me!!!!!2) Blu-ray costs less to BUY.What? Superman Returns BD is $24, Superman HDDVD is $28. The Departed BD is $24, The Departed HDDVD is $28.Now the HDDVD DUAL format has both a standard DVD and HDDVD movie, but who in their right mind would want to buy an HDDVD to watch a 480p picture? Right now you can get a $500 PS3 or $400 Toshiba HDDVD player. Later this year, Sony will come out with a $300 Blu-Ray disc player. HDDVD will most likely drop their prices. So the hardware will cost the same in both formats.3) Blu-ray has more capacity.For less money, you can get a 50GB Blu-ray movie versus a 30GB HDDVD movie.And what if in 5 years they develope SUPER High-Definition 1920p picture and SUPER Hi-Def 8.1 DTS-HD Sound? What if this requires 75GB or 100GB?HDDVD can go up to 51GB.Peace. 
1 So far, so good!  Only takes up 1U in our rack. This product arrived in good shape and on time.  Setup was a breeze.  Right now we only have 2 servers connected to it, but switching between them is no problem, so I don't foresee a problem when we add 4 more.-Kevi 
1 I hva tried alll kinds of stuff on the iPod, and this is th eonly one that got rid of all the scratches. Thanks for a  fantastic product 
1 I can't remember when I felt so good about an online purchase.  The product is more than I expected for the money and the quick service just awed me!  I will definately be doing business through AMAZON many, many more times in the future!  THANK YOU 
1 Use original Epson Brand ink, the heads in the epson printers it's in the printer itself not in the ink cartridge, it dosent worth saving some dollars and ruing the printer 
1 I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster. It's easy to use! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent. Changing diferent type of labels is easy too. I highly recommend this printer 
1 Everything about the Sonos worked as advertised.  It was a snap to set up and it is slicker than I anticipated.  The interface is commonsense and well thought out.  It is the only decent solution for tying together multiple discrete sound systems within a house to play the same music simultaneously.  You can also play different music, all obtained from the same computer source or internet radio.   It is one of those rare products that instead of disappointing actually packs many pleasant surprises 
1 The XMB-10 is a great way to listen to my XM Audiovox receiver at home. The boombox is slightly larger than I desired, but the sound is great, it's easy to use, lightweight, very portable and nice looking. 
1 I agree with the comments posted here.  Like most of us, I was interested in the Bose sound yet put off by the prestige price.  Even on E-Bay the going price ended up being around $400 -- for a used older model.  So I did some research and stumbled upon a nice comparison-shopper article that put the Bose up against several competitors, including this high-end TEAC.  I have to say that I'm entirely satisfied.The chrome retro look is quite appealing, and the model has a couple of features that, for me, beat out Bose entirely.  I wanted a top-loading door like the old Bose models but also the ability to play MP3 like the new ones, and this gave me both.  The sound and punch is remarkable.  At flat setting, it is a bit bassy, that's true, but you get a -5 to+ 5 range for both bass and treble adjustment: I set mine at -3 and +1 respectively and am very happy with the sound in my bedroom.  Input and alarm functions are limited but not problematic.  10 presets can be cycled though quickly enough, and just remember to set it to a station (or load a CD) that you'd want to be woken up to before calling it a night!TEAC customer service I can't comment on, but I bought a reconditioned unit from an Amazon seller for less than $100, including shipping.  A sweet deal for a sweet machine. 
1 I didn't want to fork over 500 for a BOSE or Boston Acoustics, or even 350 for a Cambridge Soundworks, and then I found this little gem, for about 175 + shipping.  I've had it for a few days, and so far I am impressed.The SX  functions are very intuitive, easy to set the time and both alarms.  I thought it was extremely innovative to have the button that sets the time located inside the CD player compartment, no more accidentally changing the time instead of the alarm!  The alarm buttons themselves will illuminate when they are activated, which is great.  The buttons themselves have a nice click when you press them, and the CD, AM/FM tuner, and AUX buttons will glow when they are active.  The volume control and tuner knobs are recessed, but this keeps the player from having any unsightly bulges I suppose.  The snooze/sleep button is a good size.  The sleep function can be toggled for 90, 60, or 30 minutes.The range of the speakers is great when you consider the size of the SX.  The speakers measure about 2.5 inches, and with the volume turned up, you can definitely feel the air being pushed out of the bottom of the unit.  I like that it has adjustable bass and treble, which can vary from -5 to +5.  I have the bass set to +3 and treble to +2 and it sounds great.  It doesn't have the range of say a home entertainment system, but definitely rivals my Sony bookshelf system.The MP3 player on the SX could be better, but is adequate.  During playback, the LCD will scroll to display the filename, title, artist, and track.  It can be programmed for up to 64 tracks, but I haven't had the time or patience for this.  Instead, I just numbered the MP3 tracks in the order I wanted before burning them to the CD-rom.  The repeat function works well, and you can choose either to repeat one track, repeat all tracks, or repeat just one folder.  However, the shuffle function is rather limited, as it has only one setting which is to randomly play an MP3 from any of the folders (resulting in less than desired combinations of music), and it stop playing music after each song from all the folders has been played once.One of the things I looked for in a clock radio is an auxilliary input mini-jack, and it also has a jack for headphones.  I have my laptop on my nightstand right now, and it playing MP3s on winamp sound great plugged into the SX.There are only 2 levels of brightness for the backlit LCD.  The default level cannot be changed or dimmed, and is rather bright in a dark room.. it will make everything glow.  Takes a little while to get used to, but is not say brighter than a typical nightlight I guess.  It is a bit hard to read at night because the numbers are so small, and the brightness of the LCD can kind of drown out the analog display, but then again I wear glasses so I suppose I have nothing to blame besides my bad eyes.  When the radio or CD player is in operation, the dial becomes significantly brighter but it can be toggled to the lower/default level with the dimmer button on the remote control.One other thing about the unit was the lack of a battery backup, and you will notice this is the case with many Japanese units, including the Sony clock radios.  I guess the power grid in Japan is really stable, so they don't have use for this, but still, it would be nice if there was an option for a backup 9 volt battery.  On the other hand, I was informed by TEAC tech support that the unit does contain a capcitor which will retain the time and alarm for "up to 3 hours".  I haven't had the time to test the maximum threshold, but I can say that I did unplug the clock for about a minute, and when I plugged it back in, sure enough the time and alarms were still correct.Overall I am really impressed by this unit.  The only thing that could be better is if the MP3 player shuffle had a few more options, but I guess this is ok as many I have seen MP3 clock radios without any shuffle function at all!  Also, I wish the LCD backlight could be adjusted a little more.  It is a bit pricey at just under 200, but I have heard many clock radios, and you would have to spend 350+++ to get anywhere near the sound quality of the TEAC SX 
1 I got this for my wife to use in the kitchen and she loves it.  The unit is beautifully designed, fun to use and has amazing sound for something so small.  My only gripe is that the tuner is not very strong.  I live in a tough area for reception, and there's slight static on my favorite stations.  The FM antenna attachment that comes with the unit helps quite a bit, but the reception is still not totally clear.That being said, I'm glad I got it, and when my wife's happy, I'm happy 
1 This is an excellent power conditioner and voltage stabilizer,all in one.This unit  can protect your sensitive high end audio system,computers,and video moniters,from....Everyday,power surges,power sags,over voltages,and brown-outs.These surges,  pick away at your sensitive equipment..taking years off their useful life...i own and highly recommend,this unit 
1 I've had HP and Lexmark printers in the past.  This Canon outshines both of the other brands.  It is super easy to install WITHOUT any troubleshooting.  Works like a charm.  The prints looks great 
1 I use my LX4 2.1 system as my desktop PC speakers. I got this recommendation from Maximum PC, since the LX4 5.1 system was 2005's best speaker system. You can view their gear of the year review here: http://www.maximumpc.com/2005/12/m-audio_studiop_1.html. Being skeptical of a $550 5.1 system with only 27 watts to each satellite, I wanted to start slow and only ordered the 2.1 system. As soon as I purchased cables (FYI: no 1/8" stereo to two 1/4" mono cables seem to exists -as far as I've seen--, so you have to use adaptors) I was blown away by the crisp flowing sounds of the speakers. I wasn't used to speakers with crossovers, where only the each type of speaker (tweeter, woofer, and sub) gets the right frequencies, so no overlapping exists. All the sounds are crystal clear and the housings is very dense and resilient, while the speakers themselves are of superb build quality. After only a few hours of listening to many kinds of music and playing sound-intensive games, I immediately hopped back online and ordered myself the 5.1 expander setup.If you are looking for speakers that play really loud, or can fill a living room with the desired feel for an action movie, these are not for you. But if you want incredibly accurate PC speakers or relatively cheap studio monitors this is definitely the setup for you. You will not be disappointed if you buy the LX4 for your bedroom or for computer use 
1 Amazing sound comes from these tiny inexpensive headphones. The different size buds are very comfortable and help produce the deep bass sound once you find the pair the fit your ear. when I first got them I put the smallest buds on first and thought I had just bought the worst headphones. So I tried the largest buds and found they fit very comfortably and because of the seal they created in my ears they acted as an air tight bass box improving the sound ten fold.And just let you know I ussualy cant wear earbud headphones because they hurt my ear holes or they just don't fit righ 
1 I reserved the 5th star rating for this unit as I haven't authored or copied very many DVDs with it yet.  However, what I have accomplished with it is commendable.  I can copy an entire commercial DVD (Movie + all the extras) under 50 minutes.  I have composed a Slide show DVD with my own MP3 background music selections and am quite pleased with it.So far, no coasters.  I am now in the process of producing DVDs of my old 8mm home movies.  The converter is giving me more problems than anything.  Still recommend the PX-755UF for anyone interested in an external burner.  Installation was a snap (plug-n-play) 
1 These fit over everything very well, and they stayed put without stretching out, which is why my original pads fell off.  I guess it's one of those products that you can't do much better than $10 for, but maybe they could give you double the number of pads or something.. 
1 I would give a high recommendation for this TV.  It is the perfect size for a bedroom especially if you're not looking to overwhelm the room but you just want something to watch a late night movie, the morning or evening news, or the late shows in high def.  DVD player works great and really completes the package as it seems not to increase the size of the TV at all.  The picture is outstanding and isn't that what really matters in the end??!!  The only little annoying thing concerns what would have been a great feature but has a big limitation - the TV has an auto-on feature so that you can use it like an alarm clock but it requires that you select a channel on which to tune the TV once it goes on.  It you are use the HDMI as I am to get signal from your cable box, you must have the TV input mode set to HDMI but you can't set the auto-on to the HDMI input (it must be a channel number).  The engineers just didn't think that one through all the way.  Oh well, still a great TV 
1 Got this drive a few weeks ago for an Apple Power Mac G4 Cube.The G4 Cube has no fan so drive noise can be very obvious.  Thought the original drive was quiet until this drive was installed.  This drive puts the original drive to shame with how quiet it is.  Unbelievable.  Don't even hear the drive spinning up when the machine comes out of sleep.Disc access is barely audible from a distance of 6-8 inches from the Cube and is totally non-existent more than 12 inches from the Cube.Will not hesitate to buy Seagate Barracuda drives for all future machines.The 5-year warranty is a winner.Highly recommend this drive for its silence, speed, cost and warranty 
1 I used these speakers (4) as part of my 7.1 channel theater and I used the HTI 55 Center channel plus the HTI 8" Ceiling to finish off my system.  I have a Denon 2307CI pumping these speakers and let me tell you, I can't even crank up the system to the highest as these speakers ROCK my entire house FROM THE BASEMENT!!!  These are the best in wall SPEAKERS I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!!!!  Buy them now before they're all gone!Highly recommend 
1 The chip works just as advertised.  I have had no problems with it, it was easily formatted to my Kodak camera, and it stores a huge amount of pictures and video, either about 280 pictures or almost an hour of video.  Great product, I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lot of storage space for a good price 
1 We now have three of the K850 printers in use, one with a built in print server, second paper tray, and duplexer.  So far, the printers have proved to be reliable, fast, and comparatively inexpensive to operate.  Power on, pre-print, and post-print noise may be objectionable to users who are located close to the printer.Capable of using the same HP 10 black and HP 11 individual color ink cartridges, as well as replacement print heads as the HP Business Ink Jet 1100d and HP Business Ink Jet 1200d, the K850 shares the same low, per page operating cost as the 1100d and 1200d printers.  Full page color photographs print in roughly 32 seconds, with a roughly eight second delay prior to the start of printing; similar prints from other printers may require from one to five minutes to print the same full page color photograph.  White horizontal lines were present in the full page color photograph, possibly indicating that one or two of the nozzles in the print heads, shipped with the new printer, are defective.The printer handles paper sizes up to 13" x 19", so it easily handles B size (tabloid, 11" x 17") paper commonly used for small engineering prints and foldable newsletters.  The printer software installs without problem, although a reboot will likely be required.  For network capable K850 printers, the software install automatically finds K850 printers on the network, and adds a "HP Standard TCP/IP Port" to the computer configuration for communication with the printer.  For non-network capable K850 printers, both USB and parallel port connections are supported.Positives:* Uses ink that is compatible with other printer models, helping to keep operating costs down.* Fast printing for full page color, and even faster black printing with spot color.* Large format color printing, which is helpful for quick generation of engineering prints.* Nearly idiot proof print cartridge replacement - light turns on to indicate the color that needs to be replaced, printing stops automatically, user replaces ink cartridge, and printing continues.* Separate ink cartridges and print heads means less aligning of print cartridges/heads after ink cartridge replacement, larger capacity ink cartridges, and lower operating cost.Negatives:* Minimal install of HP software from the CD requires at least 100MB.* Low capacity HP 13 print cartridges ship with the printer.* Power-on, pre-print, and post-print noise, just like the Business Ink Jet 1100d and 1200d.  However, there is very little noise produced while printing.* Cheap plastic cover over the print cartridges, similar to that used on the 1200d.* Large footprint 
1 Works great.Had to remove the brown plastic fitting from the antenna wire that encased the actual metal connector to the cradle.Other reviews pointed this out so it wasn't a big deal, just had to be done carefully. 
1 Everything works great. The only marginal issue is that the batteries don't last a full eight hours. It works in the car but cuts in and out.Guess I have to break down and buy the car kit 
1 I bought this mount for a philips 42" plasma TV.  The TV weighs probably about 100LBs.  I thought the price for it was OK, but i don't know how much an average mount would cost and think the price i paid was pretty good compared to some other mounts.    The mount was put on our living room wall by a "handy man" because i didn't have a stud finder.  He was able to to put the mount on the wall very easily and the assembly was pretty basic.  The mount sits very well secured and the frame of the mount is very durable and strong which leaves me with a good sense that my investment is properly secured.  The 5o tilt function is very nice to have and is being used so the TV sits a little high, but is aimed perfectly and adds a nice presentation to the house.  The room for the input cables is a little small, and causes some cables to be bend a little close to the connector than i would like to see but haven't noticed any degradation in the signal.  None of the cables so far look damaged and will remain that way, so its not of a concern.  I took the cables and made a 1" "trunk" of cables with the power cable and all and video inputs and it seamlessly hangs down the middle to a cabinet with all the accessories.  The TV sits very close to the wall which was a key characteristic of the project even with the 5o tilt.  I rate this item with 5 stars because it is very well made and very strong.  It also looks nice and stays well hidden.  Its features with the 5o tilt work great and the locking bar makes removing the TV easy(I had to take it off the wall to trunk the cables).  I am very very happy with it and would definitely recommend this product 
1 I bought this product to hang a 42" LCD.I am pleased with this mount but there are some concerns.  The mount is only 32" wide.  The "virtual axis" tilt is basically a clip that can be added on to obtain a 5 degree tilt which working perfect for me.  There are only two tilt options with this mount, vertical (hugs wall nicely) and the 5 degree.  Being 32" wide you will not hit 3 studs if they are 16" centers.  Make sure you get at least 2 studs.  My experience is this mount does not support VESA 400x800mm pattern.  800mm is ~31.5 inches and the brackets can not be spaced more than ~30 apart.  My TV did have another attaching pattern but I had to use the M5 bolts (provided with mount).  I would feel safer if this mount did support the 800 spacing where I could use the thicker M8 bolts.  A 42" LCD isn't going to weigh as much as a 50"+ TV, so take that into consideration.  I am still pleased with this product as it is very sturdy. 
1 My dad and I installed it in just an hour!  It was very.  You can't beat this price.  I found the same mount at Best Buy for over $200!!!  
1 Great soundcard!  I noticed in Battlefield 2142 that I can hear the sounds of footsteps behind me better.  I'm not getting knifed as often (which is a very good thing!)  I'm glad I got this card 
1 This is absolutely the best mp3 i have ever owned. What makes it the best?1. 16 million color 2.5 LCD touchscreen. 2. Battery life is too good to be true. 52 hours audio 10hr video.3. The best sound, it has how much tweaks, its sick. You can slowdown a song or make it sound like the chipmunks. Has BBE,Wide stereo, enhancement stereo etc.4. The volume is sooo dam loud. I had a Zune and the volume level was at 20, the lourdest it could go. The D2 level is 50 and at 30 it sounds as high as the zune.5. You can encode AVI video bitrate at 1.5mbps.Also have WMV which you can encode at 768kbps.6. No need to install to transfer files, it works like a USB flash drive.7. You can change backgrounds and if you put a black background and your text is black, you can change the text color to 20 difference colors or make you own.8. The touchscreen is smooth and flawless. WHen playing music it tells you the info of the file. example bitrate info, Hz etc. Something that is lacking on the big boys. 9. Has tv output, also has a recorder to record conversations.10. Can view .txt files.11. Can view pics at very high pixels.12. Fm tuner, you can record from the FM radio. You can set the bitrate from low to 256kbps.13. Has a SD slot for more storage. Get a 8 gig SD for a total for 12 gig. Imagine in 2 years when they have 20 gig SD.14. Great support, firmware updates are always available.Plus sooo much more 
1 This particular Cam has some issues but as long as you understand how to configure it, it will blow you away.  I've heard people complain about Dlink and they do have to get on the ball with tech support, autually their tech support sucks but I don't need them.  This is not a plug and play device so study the online manual carefully.  When you actually learn how to use it, you won't buy anything else for the price.  If you are tech savey, you will really enjoy the product.  I have nine cams installed at three locations.  Using their IP software you can view upto 16 at once.  The reason I'm back, on this site, is because I need to order two more.  I did have to return my first one but it was a pre-production unit and somebody forgot a timing gear.  Dlink sent my replacement direct.  The oldest cam has worked flawlessly for a year now.  One last comment, the next closent cam is a panasonic but for equal quality you will pay 50% more with less features 
1 I like this printer.  There a few minor quarks, but it's fast and the prints come out good.  The one thing to watch for is making sure the ink tape cartridge stays tight.  If it's lose it will start making bad prints.  It takes less than minute to pull the cartridge out, tighten it and start printing again.I am also using this with the Mac OSX OS.  Though the device says it will only work with PC and mentions something about the CASIO CW Utility for use on a Mac, but no where on the Casio site could I find the mentioned Utility.    After some searching I cam e accross this:[...]This allows the CW-100 to work fine on a Mac.  Though I have never seen the  PC software that comes with printer, I have read that this mac version does not have all of the text formating options. This is enough to get around, since you can make a JPG version of your label, put that in the print area and print away.  The JPG can be what ever image/text you want.  Resolution is great too.  I print at 300dpi.All in all, I found this to be a great purchase.  I make music and do not have the money to send out to have my CDs done.  This print has more than paid for itself by allowing me to make professional looking cds and very little cost.  Great the DIYer 
1 If you're an anti-commercial radio type this tuner will probably not win you over.  If however you don't like paying a monthly charge for satellite radio and you want something more than just standard AM/FM you might like this tuner. Many stations in the top 50 cities have stations transmitting HD signals.  The quality of HD is most amazing on quiet passages in Classical music, there is no noise at all, very quiet. You do notice!  The HDT-1 is quite sensitive. It will pull in stations that other tuners won't, and I'm not even talking about the HD2 streams that the stations are starting to feature. Clear Channel for all the bashing people do of them is doing a great job with HD.  Their stations sound good and most of the FM's are doing HD2, a few have some interesting formats not heard on most AM/FM stations.  I hope the get even more adventurous. My only disappointment is you need a strong signal to get HD to lock in on AM or FM.  I don't believe that to be a fault of the tuner, it's the HD system and just like FM did I'm sure it will improve (ask someone over 50 about FM drift) .  I give it 5 stars, it's not perfect but for the price it's very good and for a first generation product I don't think it could be better than this 
1 This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever bought for business travelling. Very well made. I would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive 
1 Very solid, nice looking shelf, easy to assemble with good instructions and all required pieces included.  It's exactly as I expected it 
1 I have been enjoying these speakers outside by my pool for several months now, and the quality of the sound is excellent, particularly given the reasonable price.  I'm sure you can get better performance, but it will cost much more.  These speakers are a rare find in today's business world -- something that is actually a good deal... 
1 I must admit, the first review posted here on the D320 mademe a little nervous.  My experience is quite different, andafter several months of ownership I am quite pleased.I'll give a point by point rebuttle to the initial review, asthat's the only point of reference (so far):1) Yes, pick up a USB cable,2) Printer driver installation on Win98 essentially required no   user intervention.  With WinXP however, I do seem to recall   having to muck with it more, but I'm hazy on the details now,3) I have printed scores of multi-page documents, many over 15   pages without any problems whatsoever.  I've had no spills   or jams of any kind,4) I have not seen any "paper-curl" problems whatsoever,  5) I leave the paper cassette lid/manual-feed slot in place at   all times as I have no problem with it.  For doing many   two-sided copies, it is indeed easier to place the copies   back into the paper cassette.  But that's my experience with   any copier I've used.6) Making two-sided copies is easy and as efficient as I   expected.  I've simply experienced no problems.7) I've experienced no copier caused misalignments.  If my    copies have been crooked, it was because I set them on the   glass improperly.I am very happy with this unit.  It copies as I expect it to, and prints just the same: quickly and without event.  It's beenable to properly print from all Windoze applications I've thrownat it, and ones many users may not even be using, such asGhostscript, Acrobat, SecureCRT, PAF, and all image viewingsoftware I've tried.  And I've got several machines networkedtogether (Win98 and WinXP) that can all print to the D320 fineusing printer sharing.BTW, the D320 comes with a full, 3500 page toner cartridge too,not a starter unit as with some printers/copiers 
1 I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This one has the least clarity, but wonderful bass. If I don't listen to as much classical music, I'd definitely pick vmoda vibe. It makes even terrible pop songs sound cool.I had to reject it because wearing it was not comfortable for my left ear at all for some reason, and I had an extremely hard time putting it in, even with the help of my bf. The vmoda did not come with any foam, only the silicon ear pieces. I settled on the less bass but more clarity and more comfortable e2c 
1 This is by far the best radio I've ever had for singing in the shower.  No more fumbling and messing with the dial while I've got soap in my eyes... 10 fm presets, 5 am presets and 5 tv presets + weather, I'm always able to find something good to listen to.  It works great for when I'm out in the yard doing some work as well.  
1 The maps are good enough for navigation of streets and outdoor adventures.  It allows downloading tracks and waypoints from the GPS, editing them and saving to files or the GPS.  It is annoying to have to put the last CD in your drive to use the program 
1 I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself.  I went to the store to get some info on the Ipod, and luckily the departments store I frequent didn't carry the unit, but offered the Zune.  I came straight home, did my reasearch, and ordered on the same day.  The Zune is far more superior than any Ipod model that I have either read about or experienced for myself.  And a much better deal moneywise.  I must say that you shouldn't get a Zune unless you are running a Windows version with SP2 or higher, for any other ver. won't recognize the unit.  I had a pc w/SP1 and Media Center 2002, so I thought I was in trouble.  Against my initial thoughts on SP2, I went ahead and upgraded, and haven't had any problems yet.  The sound is great, videos are decent, and the software is very user friendly.  I would check out the other models of media players, especially the Archos brand, for they have a bigger screen and hard drive.  But for audio and a few videos, this unit is worth the money 
1 I recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required. I didn't know that I would be soldering components onto a printed circuit board. That's OK. I was an electronic technician in a former life but it might pose a problem to who might purchase this item expecting a snap together kit 
1 I've had these earphones for about two month and I've discovered the following.  I like the look and they seem to be well made.  The only grip I have is that they are not very loud.   
1 I love the sound quality and the way I am able to exercise and not notice that I have headphones on.  The headphones don't slide but I have had some difficulty adjusting them for a more snug fit.  Overall, well worth the money 
1 Great product but is only $30 at iriver.com's stor 
1 This is my second set of Garmin radios.  I have had the 120's for a couple years now and had to try out the new 530's.First of all I really like the new color screen and the added features.  The altimeter has been upgraded over the 120's and seems to be more accurate.  My old 120's sitting right next to each other would display different altitudes.  I would not use the data to survey a site but it is more accurate than the older models.  We do a quite a bit of skiing an the altitude displays are helpful when your on the lifts or trying to figure out how many vertical feet you have skied. Especially if your using different lifts and not going all the way to the top.The new compass is also helpful.  With the older models you would have to be moving for the compass to work right.  After calibrating the new compass (turning in a circle) it will work just like a regular compass.  I still carry a regular one in my pack while hiking as a backup, but the compass on the 530 works great and has not let me down.  You can also route off the compass by lining up the sites on the 530 with where you want to go. The 530 will then guide you there and keep you on track if bush whacking and can't see your next way point.As with all the Rino radios the microphone is a little on the weak side.  I really think it's because of the waterproofing that they do.  If you don't put it close to your mouth when speaking it's really not that bad.  I did pick up a pair of throat mics and they have solved any problems at all with clear communications.Lock up problem.  I have experienced this once or twice the first time I used them.  I did the Garmin update and have not had the problem since.Overall these new 530's are GREAT.  I have been using them for close to 2 months every weekend and sometimes during the week.  Now that I have 4 of these (2 120's and 2 530's) these things are a blast to have when we are with a group.  Looking forward to the ski slopes this winter.  We always seem to get separated at some point and never find each other for hours.If you do a lot of outdoor activities or any Geocaching with more than one person these are perfect!![...] 
1 I had researched for a long time before I finally made my purchase. The final reasons for this purchase was the Consumer Reports Best Buy recommendation for the larger 42" version of this Olevia set. I had debated about purchasing a TV with 1080 but decided against doing so when I read that in a set this size that the naked eye could not tell the difference between 1080 and 720. I needed the 37" set due to the entertainment center we already owned, which cost 2.5 times the price of the TV, so it wasn't leaving the house. The TV opening would have allowed a 40" but I am glad I stayed with the 37" because the set-up would have been difficult if not impossible with a 40" because of the need to turn the set at angles. I compared the two TVs at the Olevia site and the only difference was the speakers. I also saw the Olevia at a friend's house and was impressed with the quality. The best price was found through Amazon.com. I placed my order on a Friday evening and the set was delivered by UPS in perfect condition on Wednesday. The set-up of the TV was simple. The only problem I experienced was with the remote. Here's the good news: I sent an email to tech support and quickly I had an answer that was simple to follow and the remote worked perfectly the same evening that I set-up the TV. Even though I use the surround sound through our stereo, I actually was satisfied with the sound through the TV speakers. A small problem is that the Time Warner Cable Box remote control does not operate the TV, so we do have to use multiple remotes, but that's only a minor inconvenience. Our family has been very pleased with the TV. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone purchasing this size TV. 
1 There is not a lot to this device. Simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go. The ipod gets charged, and on my receiver I can even select the song to play via the on-screen GUI on the TV 
1 It is very small and looks very cool.you can charge it very fast.ts sound is very good too.t has radio function too 
1 I purchased the transmitter because I don't have an aux input in my car. The product works well.  I live in an area that is crowded with stations and the transmitter still provided a strong enough signal to override weak stations and provide near quality audio.One review mentioned the Sansa player won't fit in the transmitter with the silicon case on. I use the silicon case to protect my player.  I took off the belt clip that comes with the case.  The player and case fits well enough in the transmitter.  
1 This CD/DVD holder is sturdy and stylish.  I needed something to look nice, but hold my stuff, and those wallet-type options weren't really cutting it for me.  I had also purchased something similiar (not Case Logic) from another store and was unimpressed by how flimsy it was.I now have 4 or 5 of these and they look great all lined up.  I plan on getting more as needed.  When they get full, it still stays sturdy and fits in the holder (the other one I purchased ballooned out and had to be forced to get it in).The only con I can think of is the price.  For me, it's worth it, but that may not be the case for you if there are budget constraints 
1 I purchased this item on March 15 from Amazon. We've been using it for almost a month now. My wife and I have built our HT system in our Master bedroom (16x14x10) also have 40" Samsung LCD 4095 (1080p) and Polk audio speakers (in ceiling) LC60i for front and middle speakers and RC60i for the surround speakers. I'm awaiting for Toshiba HD-XA2 that was recently ordered to complement our system and would be replacing my current infinity  subwoofer with a HSU STF-2 sub.Originally my first choice was a Pioneer VSX-1016 receiver but with lack of zone 2 and HDMI video pass-thru only. I didn't think it fit our needs. However, Onkyo TX-SR604b not only was a true bargain but it also exceeded my expectations, ease of use (very easy setup) user friendly powerful enough to drive all my polk speakers clean and crisp sound. I did'nt have any problem as far as clicking sound related to HDMI issues like few folks have mentioned on their reviews and I didn't mind running extra component cable to my TV knowing it doesn't up-convert component to HDMI. The only thing that I haven't tested it yet was the zone 2 feature. I'm planning to install my extra pair RC60i in wall speakers to our master bathroom hopefully soon so can't comment on that part yet.Overall we're very pleased with our purchased Thanks AMAZON! 
1 I've used everything from Ableton Live to ProTools to Reason and this thing is just plug and play.  Very easy interface makes for no brainer recording.  I'm a guitarist and the stock sound selections are outstanding.  Most players drive themselves crazy tweaking their sound but as you know it's all about the SONG.  The Sessions software is a piece of cake and makes it incredibly easy to go with your inspiration instead of getting sidetracked trying to figure out all the bells and whistles.  Fantastic product guys and for the money it's a steal 
1 I had an Optoma H27 but felt it was lacking the brightness I liked on TV, and I heard that HD72 was much better.  So I returned my H27 to Costco and got the HD6800, which is Costco's version of the HD72.  Wow, "much better" hardly describes it!  The brightness is incredible, and the detail and colors are truly remarkable.  The other night, I was trying out different DVDs just to see what they looked like on the new system, and I was totally blown away.While it does upscale DVD images to look better on its system, I also bought a Sony upscaling DVD player and there is a significant improvement with it with the HDMI connection.  I had read that since they are both upscaling, the DVD player's upscaling wouldn't be necessary, but I do find the image through the upscaling DVD the best in a side-by-side test using two Sony DVD players and two DVDs of the recently restored "Carousel" using component, s-video, and HDMI at the same time, all connected to the HD72.  I saw clearer detail on faces coming from the HDMI upscaling DVD player.  I was so impressed, I felt like pulling in people from the street to see it, but I fought the impulse because I don't want to share it with anyone.  With a little tweaking of the menus, new films like "Star Wars III" and "Sin City" showed incredible detail, and older films like "The Adventures of Robin Hood" were gorgeous in their Technicolor glory.I highly recommend the HD72. 
1 This is just great for a single VPU video card, the cooling system works great, moving all the hot air outside the CPU. The software overclock is good too, u can change values any time u want and u can select if u want those applied for 3D games only.It works with any game, I've tested it with Oblivion at 1280x1024, HDR enabled and every option at maximum. It works great with F.E.A.R at 1280x1024 with AAx8 and FFA x 4the price is good for a very high end video cards 
1 Unless that I made an order for Terk Technologies Leapfrog LF-30S Wireless 2.4 GHz A/V Distribution System, I received another wireless system from TERK Co, but the point is that this system is working properly, and right now I'm able to have Greek TV via internet to my desktop, and via the TERK wireless system downstairs to my living-room TV appliance. During the operational time, I saw that I don't have good resolution. I don't know if the reason is because this distance between my office and my living-room (the office is above from the living-room - so there is no big distance at all).But anyway, I will track this equipment, and if everything is ok I will buy one receiver more.Thank you.  
1 I have purchased over two dozen of these units. This is the best unit for the price. There are a few things that are a real plus one is the small screen on the unit. This allows you to be certain that your feed is being input. Also the card slots are a plus. Two things to be aware of. If you are using the unit in colder temperatures the unit will need to sit and warm up before use. Apparently there is some type of a dew sensor built in. Also if  you are transferring images from a card you have to look at the manual to determine what type of disc is required. Not a one disc does all unit 
1 Works as billed.  I am currently playing a DVD+RL that would not play on any other player.  I have not purchased a 1080P LCD TV, but it is why I purchased an upconverting DVD player.  I have tried DVD+R and DVD+RW.  I will be trying audio formats later.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is waiting for the HD versus BlueRay to determine which will be the dominant technology and for its price to come down 
1 They are great for putting DVD's, CD's in.  They arrive in great condition 
1 I'm not a serious piano player, just casual.  Don't have room for a piano, so this serves my purposes.  I just want to entertain myself.  If I were a professional who played in public, not sure if this would be the ultimate keyboard, because it doesn't have a fullsize keyboard.  But for practicing and casual playing it's great!  It has more features than I will ever use 
1 This is exactly what I was looking for: not too expensive, not much hassle with the cables - they are integrated with the unit, and no need to reach for the button to switch computers - simply press "Scroll Lock" twice to go from one computer to the other. Cables are pretty long, which is good: longer that I need at the moment, but I may appreciate the extra length in the future. 
1 Great features with the Microsoft mouse.  Wanted at least a 4 button mouse so internet travel is much easier. Comes with a USB dongle that I did not want to use so I was determined to get this mouse working with the built-in Bluetooth in my new Dell Latitude notebook.  Found that the Toshiba drivers provided by Dell for the Bluetooth would not work with the Microsoft mouse.  Seems still some incompatibility with different manufactures of Bluetooth devices.  Go figure....  Had to delete the Toshiba drivers and let XP with SP-2 provide the drivers and it works great. Pros: Great features, no cord, long battery life between charges (days), very responsive.Cons:  Some difficulty getting it to work without supplied dongle, bigger than I like to pack around for a notebook. 
1 A great and economical replacement! This product saved me a lot of money. The red in the color leaked a tiny bit in shipment but cleaned up and worked with no problem 
1 The Azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews. As an aspiring video maker it was a product I should have bought a long time ago. Mine is the 9v-powered model, not the AA. But it has proven well-made, light and easy to use. There's something neat about micing people with a lavaliere unit. I find that they enjoy the attention of attaching the mic and the professional touch that it brings to the taping.  Being able to range abut the room while taping and simultaneously retaining good audio is a remarkable experience. Another benefit of micing someone is that cuts way back on ambient noise. The din of voices surrounding your interview is a typical intrusion; using the lavaliere cuts out a great deal of the unwanted sonic information.  
1 It works very well.  It's nice to be able to listen to CD's in my car without getting a whole new stereo system installed.  My only problem is that the CD player will turn off every once in a while when the power cord is bent.  This happens rarely, but it's enough to be a little annoying.  Other than that, it's a very nice product.  No skipping, easy to use and a fair price 
1 I got this product when I first signed up to Telewest Broadband and it has never failed. I have had it for 2 years and not a problem. I started at 512kbps and they've upgraded me to 4Mbps and it handles that speed without a problem. Perfect for your light, moderate or heavy user, good all-rounder.Thanks for reading : 
1 This product has good and bad points. I listed some below:Good---------Cheaper than Apple ($5 as compared to $30)Works greatSmallConvienientBad---------Cheap (might not hold up long term)No warranty coverage for your iPod is something goes wrongHas to be plugged in upside down (for me anyway...)Overall, I'm glad I bought this instead of Apple's version. The main factor for me was price, but if you have the money, get the Apple charger, simply because you'll be covered by warranty that way 
1 Just make sure you buy the right drive for your computer and download the software from Western Digitals website you should have no problems.Very nice 
1 I love this remote.I was afraid that having a NON-TIVO brand unit (Toshiba brand TIVO unit) would require lots of setup (testing dozens of codes before finding the right one).Mine worked just as soon as I put batteries into the unit.The buttons are quite intuitive; I never used the user's manual yet.A real winner.An inexpensive replacement for the real unit 
1 We installed this external HD on a Dell computer. As most Dell customers will attest to, any time you talk to one of their representatives, they'll deny compatability with anything other than a Dell product. Well, I have upgraded the video card, power supply, and now added this HD to the computer with very liitle effort. This HD has performed perfectly for us. 
1 When I got my hands on the PMC-120 I thought this was going to to be the best player but when I started to play with it all the glitches started to come into my way.I agree with the other reviews that it has a first generation-device feel to it. MUSIC:When I tried to put music in my PMC it syncronized  my mp3s with the WMP 10 with no problem (very fast). If U are looking for a grab and drop (copy/paste) your music mp3 device, this is not for you because when I did  it got everything in one same folder that read "Unknown artist and album". So you have to put all your mp3s via WMP 10, wich is no problem for me because it does it very fast. The problems that I encountered is that it only has one "Portable playlist"  and sometimes when Im playing an mp3 and navegating through the other albums the controls respond 1 to 2 seconds later after pushing the button.One cool thing is that it shows the cd covers  without having to put them in. This is done via the WMP10.The sound is very good and crisp, and the equalizer setups are fair.But you defenetly cant tell the difference between the diffrent eq setups with the built in speacker wich has a very small horrible sound.PICTURES:This is basically a grab and drop procedure to get your pics in the device and you can arrenge them in folders or subfolders. You can not transfer directly from your camera so if you are travelling and dont have a PC to transfer your pics this little baby wont do that job for you.VIDEO:Ok, now this is where it starts to get frustrating for me...I wanted a portable media device that I would only grab and drop my movies that are divx and xvid.  I knew that this device only reads WMV but it "supports" DIVX, XVID, MPEG, etc. This "support" deppends on what the WMP10 can play. So this means that you sincronyze (via WMP10) your movies no matter the format and it converts them into WMP movies and at the same time it just transferes it and fits it into your PMC secreen size.  I had this in mind when I bought it and was fine with me untill I tried it the first time: The WMP10 wouldnt convert my XVID movies and after a few hours of trial and error and surfing the web my problem was that I had to have the correct video codecs that are compatibles with the WMP10. So after uninstalling and installing I was good to go so I converted a 1:45hr long movie in only 25 minutes.  But this short moment of joy  was suddenly interrupted by the fact that the WMP10 fits the widescreen movies into the PMC and makes all the images long and thin almost unwatchable!!!! You cant change this because the WMP does this automatically.  My answer was using other software and converting my widescreen movies into WMV files. The problem is that it takes almost the running time of the movies to convert...I have tried a lot of different softwares and still havent found one that does it faster as the WMP10.In the other hand if you have a full screen video you just use the WMP10 and it does it very fast and with good quality.You can connect your device to the tv but the resolution is very low so I think this option is useless on the PMC.So the veredict is: The PMC-120 is a good  multimedia player with minor glitches. It is a little bulky but personally I think the size is not that big. I think the good side of the size issue comes along with its  big 3.6 inch screen wich is great to watch films and this for me kicks arse compared to the ipod video. If you want to play directly your DIVX or XVID movies on your player buy another porduct like the iRiver PMP series or the Archos players wich are way, way, WAY more expensive.So I think that for the price and for what it does the PMC-120 gets two thumbs up. 
1 I bought this because it had got good reviews on here and the price was low enough for it not to pain me! So far it does what it's suppose to do.  I am pleased. It's a little clunky, and it looks awful when the anteni are fully extended. We'll see how it works in 6 months 
1 THis is a great drive for your money if you use Mac, Windows, and Linux. I use all of them and it works great, I do wish that they had an 8 Gig versions out, but this one will do for now 
1 I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and endurance, this little bugger is probably my best buy!  I cannot believe the sound quality or the reception, its phenominal!  I can pick up shortwave inside the meat packing plant where I work!  (Big heavy steel freezers) It is a simple, small no frills, pocket size radio, but it blows away anything in its price range, trust me 
1 Same HP burner/player that is $30 or more in the local stores.Installation was fast and easy.Nero software installed fast, very little info on the Nero products,to play dvd you need to install the Cyber DVD player on the Nero disk. 
1 I love this product.  The earbuds were even better than I had expected.  I wanted something small that wouldn't hurt my ears and I wanted a long cord and that is just what I got. I am very happy with the product and the service.Thank yo 
1 I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks 
1 I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of a vanity.  It worked great for charging 2 digital camera batteries which wouldn't fit in the normal outlet at the same time.  It's small, rugged and light so it's easy to pack 
1 Having a bad view of the southern sky, I needed to get a outdoor antenna for my sirius radio.It maded all the difference. Great product and it came with 30 ft. of cable 
1 A very good product, but the fantastic part is sirius radio itself. Howard rules! 
1 I don't know what the fuss is all about about this unit's "fan noise"... After the firmware update, if one bothers to do o it, the fan noise level is really trivial compared to advantages of HUGE storage space (or data redundancy if one should choose to use RAID 1). The sound of the fan is about as loud as a fan from a PC workstation (one of those DELL Precisions or MacPro/PowerMacs).One of the things I wish could be different about the unit is if the RAID configuration could be more easily managed by using Apple's Disk Utility instead of using WD's own proprietary software (which requires a reboot... an annoying thing on Mac OSX.4 which I almost NEVER EVER have to reboot). And then the button manager requires yet another reboot before the functionality can be fully utilized... HELLO, Western Digital... Mac is no Microsoft Windows where users are used to rebooting often! If you want more of Mac users' business, write your apps like a true OSX app... At most I should be able to just log out and then log back in to use the functionalities... Other than that, the unit is a work horse. I use SuperDuper to backup my Mac and so far have had no issues at all with it... 
1 I bought this drive from PCuniverse on Amazon and I am generally happy with the service I received and product quality, I have not used it for long time yet but have managed to fill up most of the drive. The speed looks good even over wireless network. I also like the Truecrypt encryption software bundled which is actually freeware; seems to be quite capable an usable with any drive (USB flash or disk drive, look at [...]It seems much better than the software that comes with many flashdrive in terms of capabilities. I am surprised that there is not a lot of competition in the 8GB flash business yet possibly because people don't need it. I had a Corsair 1GB drive from 2 years back and it worked quite well; upgraded to 8GB as my data requirement grew 
1 I've owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It's so nice being able to carry around my laptop and my books in the same bag. The side pockets are kind of useless for them being so small, but I guess I'll be able to find a purpose for them. 
1 Ordered directly from HP. Fast delivery,solid package. No dead pixel. Works perfec 
1 I muchly recommend suggest buying purchasing these batteries power sources in the pre-tried used section. You can save pay less for them these that way. But be warned aware, used pre-tried batteries is may be no good since they is not may be rechargedable 
1 All electronics should work this easily.  You hook it up, read the manual, play with it alittle bit and it works like a charm.  I've been using two (home desk and car player) for 5 years now.  They just seem to last forever 
1 This watch is great because the countdown is so easy to use.  Whenever I need to remember to check the dryer or the stove, all I have to do is push one button to the number of minutes I want to wait.  Its the only watch I wear and I never take it off.  I even swim with it on.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it is so plain.  I wish Casio would make it in a pretty color 
1 Great product that works exactly as described. I have not used this as a stand-alone label maker; I've only used it with my computer. The software is fairly easy to use, and it will pull data from an Excel spreadsheet, which is a definite plus. I had a spreadsheet of over 300 items for which I needed to make labels, and linking to the Excel doc made the process very quick and convenient. The only complaint I have is that the tape for the label maker is rather pricey. I spent $40 on the label maker, and so far I've spent $60 on tape 
1 The lable maker was removed from the box and put into action with ease.  Product is easy to use and understand.  For the money a great purchase. 
1 I purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply can't get enough Scrabble with her friends. While I did not get the opportunity to use the product myself, she seems quite enthusiastic about its abilities.Just make sure your opponents approve and dont think you are trying to cheat. 
1 I have multiple cameras, and one of my favorite features is that this reader can support multiple types of cards plugged in at one time.  If you have a SD card and a CF card, both can be inserted and read/written to without having to switch out the cards.  Very nice reader for a great price.  The Blue LED is very pleasant to look at. 
1 I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears during  exercise- syncing is sometimes buggy- you have to load all podcasts manually- podcasts seem to be ordered by date on the player, no matter how you  arrange them in iTunesRecent releases of iTunes have solved some, but not all, of the sync issues. Also, I have read about some workarounds for the podcast ordering problem, but they involve rebuilding your library, and furthermore from what I've read they're just temporary fixes. Apple needs to fix this.Still, the small form factor, cool design, and easy-to-use controls make this a great product. I sold my 4G 40GB iPod right after I got this, and I have no regrets. 
1 This card is significantly cheaper (at the time I ordered) than the Sandisk Extreme III at the same speed (133x).  I was expecting to receive a 100x since it was listed as that in the description but the 133x came and I was very happy.  Works as advertised and Kingston is a reliable memory brand.  Product came quickly 
1 Outstanding cleaner for your CD or CDRW, MP3 player.  Takes you through many diagnostic tests.  Even has a Dolby test.  Well worth the money and you will be more than pleased with it.  I used it on both my PC CD and CDRW drives as well as my stereo CD player.  Fantastic product!! 
1 The design for this headset is ingenious. Every piece is separated so you can mix and match for your convenience. It's not really a headset, but a headphone with a detachable headset; so you can use it to chat online or listen to your mp3 player. The microphone can even be mounted independently onto your computer monitor with the included base. The extension cord comes with a volume controller, another very convenient feature. There are also little hangers on the extension cord, which are for attaching the microphone cord. The audio quality is pretty good, throw in 20 bucks more to get the combo set, which includes a sound card to enhance the audio quality.****The only thing I have to complain about is the comfort issue. Maybe it's the size of my head, but the earpieces simply press a little bit too hard against my temples, so it causes mild headache after 30 minutes of usage. Other than that, this headset is perfect 
1 I'm so technically challenged, and I had no trouble figuring out this system.  I already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to go with it. Altogether they were a bit pricey, but worth every penny!  Very easy to understand the directions, and lots of bells and whistles.  Lots of cool ring tones and features that are not listed on the product description.  I love the intercom features, they are great for when the kids are upstairs, I don't have to yell for them to come down or go upstairs to talk to them.  Very cool 
1 I couldn't believe how lightweight this monitor is, and how easy it was to connect to my computer. It is one of the best investments I have made this year. What a difference the LCD screen makes for my vision. Its wonderful.  I highly recommend this monitor to anyone who is looking for something easy to connect and have excellent quality as well. It is the perfect monitor for me 
1 This watch is not only the best watch I have ever owned, it is the only day time watch that I ever use.  I love the 1,3,5,10,20, 30 minute timer found ONLY on this watch.  I love it so much that I buy several and change out the band to match different outfits!  I do wish that this watch came in a more dressy version.  I also hope that Casio continues to make this watch for people who need a timer and a dependable alarm 
1 I bought this deck about 6 months ago. It has performed flawless in every aspect. As soon as I turned it on I could notice a big difference in the sound quality from my old poineer deck. I have taken all of my cd's out of my truck because there is no need for the cd player if you take advantage of the ipod interface. The ipod function is flawless and easy to use. Just plug in your ipod and search by artist, album, song title or playlist. This can get a little tricky while driving ecpecially if you have a large library so I would suggest using playlists. The output of sound quality from an ipod is amazing. Also there is a very useful bass engine that is very useful if you have subs, this function allows for flawless bass output and easy ajustment. This deck is the best overall I have ever listened to 
1 I've had this printer for four years. I print approximately 25 documents each week. This is the first time that I have had to replace the cartridge. It's a great little printer and this cartridge lasts a good long time, too. Compared to ink jet printers that I have had, I get about 5 times as many prints from this laserjet -- and the price of the cartridges is about the same as the ink jets.Great buy 
1 Firstoff, that first review about the format capacities is outright wrong.  Let me explain how this works.The soundstage program that the player uses is a lot like iTunes; it has its own proprietary format that is really just MP3 with a different file extension title.  When you import your MP3s into the soundstage library, it makes its own DUPLICATE library of your music in a new directory using its 'OMG' file suffix.  Yes, OMG.  I think that's funny, and you should too.The minidiscs themselves are essentially just CD-RWs.  Keep this in mind.  They are enjoyable cheap to buy more, they are rewritable, and they hold 80 minutes of basic cd-audio, or close to 4/5 hours of 'low bitrate' audio, which is just compressed MP3s.  The product itself is very good.  I've had one for a short while.  I bought an eight-pack of disks right after I got it, and filled them with music.  I have six full discs of labeled artists and find that disc-swapping of five-hour playlists is FAR less irritating than my old cd-player method; CD-swapping with 70-minute albums.  The controls are VERY simple and effective.  Grouping your tracks makes them easier to navigate, but you can otherwise go through all the tracks you have as if it were an audio-CD.  Its impeccably shockproof, and my only severe grievance is the lack of a backlight.  The hold switch works fine and the unit is small and light.I got this as an alternative to harddrive MP3 jukeboxes.  Most MP3 players over a gig in capacity are HD storage, which is far less durable (in my experience) than simpler players.  Rather than settle for a 256 or 512 mb player that I would have to swap on my computer constantly, I got the minidisc player and can simply take other disks with me.  Its a solution that suited me well 
1 I've owned 2 sets of these types of phone systems.  A GE set and a 2.4 gig Uniden set.  This is by far the best.  Actually, it's perfect.  No noise on the line at all.  Everything just works perfectly.Only one caution. This particular model does not have an answering machine.  I was moving too fast when i bought and thought that it did.  If you want an answering machine to come with, make sure you buy the right model.  I'm totally sold on the DECT 6.0!!!!Buy it.  You won't regret it.   
1 Very nice player. HDMI works perfectly and the 6 disc changer is handy. Blue light lets you see the disc's and looks very cool. 1080i with upscaling on all my DVDs. 
1 I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck, and I have not had any problems yet!!!  A few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive (sometimes when it is on I do not receive any traffic) but that is about it.  I enjoy Cobra products, this is my second radio (I just traded up from a 25NWXT), I have a Cobra HG2000 Antenna, and I am waiting on a Cobra Mic for my radio.  So far no problems with any of it and I hope to have none down the road!!!! 
1 I've had my Cobra 29 for over five years now. It's been in four different trucks, and traveled over 500,000 miles with me. Once I added two wilson antennas and a power mic, I can get out over four miles on a good night. My personal record is a line of sight 130 miles from a mountainside. I love it. I was thinking of getting a galaxy, but why? I have a great radio here 
1     After doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model,  I decided to purchase this shredder.  So far it was a wise decision.  I have seen it elsewhere for a lot more money.  I have been using it to shred up all my old and new personal documents and it is awesome.  I put a kitchen garbage bag in the can and it keeps all the little paper pieces contained within the bag, and I can just keep reusing the same bag. It really is a smooth shredder and it keeps on working, no jams, etc.  Great Buy! 
1 There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I'm full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes (mine is 512kBytes). One last thing: the battery lasts forever 
1 I went from the first version of the Audigy2 to this. And it did increase my performace a tiny bit. My old card was going out on me. A lot of pops and clicks and games locking up with sound skipping. Haven't had any of that yet. :)I also didn't seem to have the MB problems that were stated in first review. I have a ASRock Dual-VSTA(new one made for Windows:Vista).With a good Stereo setup this card sounds really nice. I have a older but really nice 5.1 with 100watts for each speaker. Only 4 years old, but have seen some really nice ones lately.A lot of new games coming out have intense sound now. Vanguards sound has crappy options so you can't dumb it down and it can drag a system down, esp one using on board sound.I would give this a 4 or even 3 star rating if it included Amazons rating too. [... 
1 FANTASTIC sound for the money!  (seems to work well with Asus P5W DH, anyway)  Nice crisp highs, decent mid-range and unmuddied lows make this an excellent pick, IMO.  The only down-side I could find is some of the nonsense-software included is, well, nonsense.  Creative scores, again 
1 Buying an equalizer seems kind of retro these days, but I still have a good cassette dual deck and have recently purchased a reel to reel again.Used to have one years ago...now use both of these for fun and the occassional uploading of music from the old formats to my media center computer.The equalizer acts as a hook up device to have both decks on my stereo which is then hooked to my computer.It allows for some sound enhancing along with the computer 
1 I use this scanner primarily for text documents and couldn't be more impressed.  You do need text software - I have Textbridge - but I find relatively few errors in the scan, proofreading and corrections are easy and efficient.  Best of all, I don't have another device plugged into my computer or taking up space on my desk.  Caution - I haven't used it for photos, but it does a great job on text 
1 This mouse has never let me down. Really works on most of the surfaces 
