0 characters are `` trying '' to be actors , but even the decent actors look like they would love to do anything but star in such a cheeseball .
0 i was n't entirely sure this movie would stick out from the rest but i chose to go since i had nothing else to do .
0 everybody is overacting to the point where it 's annoying to watch .
0 leila also comes from a screwed up family , which does n't help either .
0 this is the worst movie i have ever seen and i have seen a lot of movies in my life .
1 i hope at the very least that it successfully plays the `` art house '' theaters and has a big dvd distribution .
0 violence : $ $ $ $ $ nudity : $ $ $ $ $ .
0 the acting was stale and unconvincing , the dialogue was silly and predictable , and the story was confusing and stupid .
0 it fails in delivering the `` message '' it tries to give , fails in its storytelling , clumsy historical settings and above all in its rhythm .
0 almost every character looks and behaves like an idiot , especially those who are kind and good .
1 this is one of the few movies that my children enjoy and i do n't go crazy watching .
1 rather , i would categorize it more as a romantic crime melodrama , in which edwige gets to show that she 's more than just a pretty face .
0 overall , a chaotic mess .
1 it 's one of the best experiences i had watching a slasher movie .
0 this is a terrible adaptation of the wonderful graham greene novel , that even a dynamic performance from maggie smith in the title role can not save .
0 wooden delivery , bizarre facial reactions , rushed takes etc .
1 this film still blows away most recent animated films , and i can not recommend it highly enough .
0 the plot is so weak and if you take the fights and the soundtrack off , you really do n't have anything useful at all !
1 combining animation with some rather shocking scenes of necrophilia and traditional japanese horror imagery , the episode is both surprising and creepy .
1 people forget about the amazing comedy that comedians steve martin and rick moranis have .
1 al pacino was fantastic to me as tony montana , the `` little train that could '' .
1 if you liked the first talky version of `` lost world '' or the original `` king kong '' you will like this .
1 i did n't see part 1 or part 2 of this film but after catching part 3 just 15 minutes away from the beginning , i was hooked .
1 besides them there are are only few , some really odd , other persons acting in the story .
1 i love rani very much and have a respect that she is a great actress .
1 human voices telling stories are in this film sometimes as beautiful as a piece of music by chopin ! !
0 if a `` comedy '' with no laughs , terrible acting , thin plot and annoying characters are your thing , then this film is for you .
0 if you want to watch this film , you have to watch this film , but i 'd advise you to stick to the original and leave it there .
0 the spaceship is the worst effect to come out of hollywood this side of an ed wood film .
0 do n't waste your money on it .
0 first of all this show has loads of humans in it who do n't need to be there and one in particular completely ruins this show .
1 all , in all , highly recommended for a nights entertainment for those who like their thrillers a little more cerebral than the norm .
1 if your a big time mario fan ; this ones for you .
1 channing and amanda have amazing chemistry and were absolutely wonderful together .
1 yet , their revelations are deeper as their intellectual differences , emotional wounds , and flaws manifest through the course of the night .
0 these films should not be made , and actors and actresses should refuse to appear in them .
1 the most amazing action movie i 've seen !
1 he 's the guy who could sell you anything in exchange for your soul before you ever knew what hit you .
1 in sum , if you share the liberal political philosophies of michael moore , you will enjoy the america bashing , and overall enjoy the movie more than others .
1 dennis quaid and jim caviezel are outstanding in their roles as father and son .
1 i hope that one day they can make another one , because they still are great comedians .
0 factory working conditions , 3 .
1 i think dumb and dumber is one of jim carrey 's best works !
1 this is why those individuals still living today as well those who are deceased are super star icons .
0 i think that 's it 's more a result of a `` creative '' team desperately trying to find something funny in this mess .
0 what really kills a movie like this , if it has n't got a strong story to lean on , is the bad effects .
0 even when superman is n't evil , christopher reeve comes off as smarmy and insincere .
1 based on characters created by stephen king is as good as it gets .
1 not the usual annoying 5 minute cast interviews mixed with 15 minutes of movie scenes .
1 but i 'm pretty sure titanic will be remembered .
0 this movie is basically a poor rip-off of three other films .
0 admittedly i only saw this once when i was 7 , but by then already being a huge fan of the original i remember being disgusted .
1 but paige brings the power of three together again and i 'm happy with the show 's progress
0 emmanuelle herself is far too confused to know what she wants and so is at the whim of everyone around her .
1 the animation varied from good to excellent and the pacing avoided any significant lulls .
0 the editing in this movie was horrid .
1 of course what generally interests followers of hitchcock 's career is the fact that the lodger is the first time he deals with the grisly subject of murder .
1 but , you 'll be having so much fun you wo n't even be given a chance to stop and notice .
1 i 'm still not sure what was going on in that school , but i know how it felt to watch it , and i found this movie riveting .
0 sadly not even mr. nero or sho kosugi could n't make this film watchable .
1 this edison short is hilarious , although you have to be very tired when watching it .
0 you would expect more blood , more frightening scenes , this one just does not have it at all .
1 see it and be amazed and amused , show it to your friends .
1 do n't miss it is my recommendation !
1 i totally enjoyed this movie .
1 the film really takes off when these two people meet by chance .
1 the theme for this movie is quite similar to much from the same genre of danish films .
0 low budget , alright story , poor acting , nothing to write home about .
0 most times they are blatant vehicles to blow stuff up , show off sexy models , and throw any semblance of reality or intelligence out the window .
1 `` gung ho '' does a better job of capturing the mood of the american industrial workforce than just about any other popular movie made during that period .
1 at the same time , along with all of the misery and oppression that is documented , there are stories included that are deeply inspiring .
1 it 's perfect john barrymore : the troubled star gives it his all as the suave , desperate but basically decent baron .
0 obviously , the producers had invested heavily into `` staging '' and were determined to get their money 's worth .
0 there is the flawed hero lead , the conniving femme fatale , a naive youth , a cold-hearted antagonist and loyal associates .
1 aside from this film i think bronson is a great , cool , and at times brilliant actor .
1 although her looks are a little hard and her mouth way too profane for my tastes , barkin never looked better and sexier .
0 and the script is far too predictable , too heavy-handed .
1 second off , in order to view this film you must purchase it on vcd .
0 we never really learn anything about the career of joan crawford as the subject matter is handled so flimsy .
1 bunuel has you questioning what you want in life , and challenges the decisions and feelings that you thought were reliable .
1 i rate this movie very highly because the story line was 100 % true and the acting was very convincing .
1 this work is not only for kids , adults as well will enjoy it and probably catch most of the subtext hidden in the movie .
0 i must admit that my dvd collection contains no shortage of sleazy and sordid films so there was n't anything in this one that was enough to shock me .
0 it made me remember one of the worst one and a half hours of my life !
0 where do i begin on this piece of slime ?
0 my advise is to stay away from this movie , any other gangster movie is better than this one .
1 marc as the buddies , and the film is played for laughs , which it does effortlessly .
0 i normally preach the doctrine that as long as there 's action , the worse a movie is , the better it gets .
1 daring because , after all , the war was still going on and this was a comedy about a serious business .
0 their talking though is as dead as `` lear '' and the rest of the film .
1 i was spellbound .
0 unable to work out an intelligent way for the hero with limited powers to beat the villain with super powers , the `` writer '' cheats .
0 it 's not worth your time .
0 it does n't show any respect for the victims of the holocaust .
0 there 's no one shred of good dialogue , and not one likable character .
0 as stated already this is one of the worst martial arts films i have ever seen .
1 all the performances are astonishing and the film captures your attention from the very beginning and never lets go .
1 some in this genre can be sickly sweet , but this script is restrained .
1 the consequences of love in my opinion have great sequences in particular at the beginning and great soundtrack .
0 who ever came up with story is one sick person .
0 how did kelly mcgillis end up in this mess ?
1 but michael beck has all the charisma and screen presence of concrete .
0 no real talk , except for what bronson has to say which is pretty overblown .
1 the expressions on the faces , the antics , the characters , the situations , are truly inspired .
1 being a disney film , the outcome is predictable , but walt disney always wanted to turn out `` wholesome '' family entertainment .
1 the love of their craft shows in the movements , the backgrounds , the stories , and the music ... not to mention the characters .
1 sensational film which depicts brutality , hypocrisy , greed .
0 i like the idea of the concord and this could of been the best airport movie , but they did too much with it .
1 out of all the princess stories disney has put out there , cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal .
0 it is like somebody gave a kid a faulty video camera and $ 30 and told them to make a film .
1 soon after , she embarks on a journey to find carl somewhere out west because , after all , she is `` committed '' to carl .
1 i seem to find myself watching it every time it comes on .
1 disc 1 has an informative commentary by the director and the dvd also has the original theatrical cut and extended version as well .
0 maybe its just british melodrama , but creating moral dilemmas that no person with an iq above the average cretin would make is simply bad tv .
0 there are a few good laughs , but it 's very inconsistent .
1 they go out with connie and her sister slowly dancing to `` handyman '' , leaving the viewer to process what has been shown and what has been implied .
0 the actors were awful , the plot faded fast , filming left to much work to be done .
0 ... but other than that , there 's almost no redeeming social value to this sequel to the original poseidon adventure .
1 the film is funny , and loy and montgomery make a nice couple .
1 the album is also good if you can find it and still have a record player to play it on .
1 it 's a terrifically good musical for the whole family so what are you waiting for ?
0 the most catastrophic result in christie 's tv movie story !
0 nothing else is really revealed though , the ending is the biggest cop-out you 've ever seen .
1 it s unique in its wealth of ideas and complex structure .
1 love jones is a shining example of how a love story should be : realistic with real characters in real situations .
1 if i labor all my days and i can save but one soul from watching this movie , how great will be my joy .
0 the script provides some decent lines and gags , but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy .
1 if you have enough fantasy and imagination you can enjoy it .
0 i had already figured out the twist in the storyline long before the audience was supposed to get it and spent the next hour bored out of my mind .
1 it has effectively gone where numerous other cop dramas have gone and succeeded .
0 i stopped watching the movie after the first half hour , i could n't take it anymore .
1 along with `` two arabian nights '' , also produced by howard hughes .
0 highly derivative of much better material , this lumbering elephant takes far too long to get nowhere .
1 for those who have n't seen it go out and rent it you will not be disappointed .
0 plain and simply a cancer on the world of cinema .
0 bad , bad movie .
0 i like jennifer garner , but this was definitely not one of her better movies .
1 job here with very good camera work , excellent angles and keeping the film at a very fast pace .
0 well , i finally watched it and i feel so disappointed in this film .
1 old story fresh view .
0 this is truly , without exaggerating , one of the worst slasher movies ever made .
0 the cinematography was unbelievable , and not in a good way .
1 watch the tv series over and over .
1 this is one of the most unique films i 've ever seen , and i 'll probably remember scenes from it till the day i die .
0 i quite literally had to watch this turkey to its unlikely conclusion , just to see how bad it could get !
0 it 's not unintentionally funny , but unintentionally unfunny .
0 i started to skip ahead through the last half , and it became slightly more tolerable .
1 kirstie alley did a fantastic job of conveying the complex emotions involved in raising a child who simultaneously needs her desperately and barely acknowledges her existence .
0 the actor doing the voice of aslan sounds like he is reading a long menu and ca n't decide what he wants to order .
1 schroeder 's comment on youth and sex and drugs is n't too simplistic , which makes the film actually lucid and intelligent so many years later .
1 there is more to it than meets the eye ...
0 some girls , for example , besides wearing ... lets say `` interesting '' clothes , have lethal doses of eye shadow and makeup .
0 the only element that i would be content with would be the casting of jerry reed , who honestly brought some humor and intelligence to this scarred film .
1 i give `` the wind and the lion '' a stirring nine stars and my highest recommendation .
1 here 's another person strongly urging the release of this obscure gem on dvd , perhaps now , while it 's still winter !
0 there 's nothing honey sweet about this film , it 's purely saccharine : no nutritional value and bad aftertaste .
0 kind of fun in a `` so bad it 's good '' way , but leans more towards just plain bad .
1 a wonderful cast , great screenplay and a out siding plot .
0 for lugosi fanatics and serial nuts only
1 as the late great dr. seuss once said , it is fun to have fun , but you have to know how .
1 i highly recommend this flick to anyone who wants to laugh out loud , who cheers for the underdog or just wishes to watch something different .
0 this movie is the very worst that i have ever seen .
0 the plot is practically incomprehensible , the pacing is lethargic and the acting is pathetic .
1 anyways , i watch this movie once a year because the message of the movie , and the reason people watch it , warrants that .
0 even at about an hour and a half , it all gets rather tiresome , and of course , not scary at all .
0 i am glad this was a free sneak preview , otherwise i would have demanded a ticket refund for this falsely advertised movie .
0 both are very good at spurting off one-liners , chase especially , but even their one-liners in this movie seemed like they needed some work .
1 it did n't take itself seriously , which is why i think it worked so well .
1 he transforms , but is always at the height of believability and is easy to emotionally relate to .
1 enjoy this one , it certainly is n't the greatest ever made , but it never claimed to be - just a film of the times .
0 there appears to be three cameras on hendrix , but amateur fools operate all of them .
0 more comedy than horror , `` full moon high '' puts the `` c '' in cheese-fest .
0 even williams looks embarrassed to be trapped in this debacle .
0 it 's a bad attempt to imitate `` four weddings and a funeral '' .
1 dakota fanning as lucy very nearly steals the show .
1 this movie is simply the best .
0 2 ) it was n't an android at all , but a woman , the beautiful jean marsh .
1 this is a good movie to watch with your kids and not have to censor the kind of disgusting garbage vomited out of hollywood today .
1 this is one of the best period pieces on the civil war that i have seen that tells a story of friendship divided by the war .
0 the chemistry between the two sisters which was in a large part what made the first one so enjoyable is completely gone !
0 the story of their lives is simple and boring .
1 i was unfamiliar with this period of greek history , and prepared to experience a great film .
0 the premise of the movie is at least interesting enough , but everything about this movie just did n't work .
0 mind you , i had just come back from seeing the dark castle remake of `` the house on haunted hill '' - complete and utter crap .
0 i despise this film beyond belief ! !
1 after dil chahta hai , he makes it big one more time with a terrific performance .
0 the acting is abysmal , someone please tell me that the 5 main actors in this were making their first ever film ? ?
1 the film is in black and white and is wonderfully adapted from the novel .
1 the paintings show an apparent timeline , showing significant events throughout history , such as the building of the great wall of china .
1 but this film has all these visual gags and tricks that could have only been spawned from that glorious era known as the 70s .
1 overall , the film is fascinating , tough to stop watching and a quality production throughout most of the film .
0 this movie is utterly terrible .
0 the dialogues are slow and stiff .
1 this was n't the holmes i read when i was seven , just like nigel bruce was in no way the watson i had adored also .
0 big mistake ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 it 's no mere knock off of tarantino or ritchie , but a genuine australian contribution to the genre .
0 plus , the american scenes really are meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings just talking about gamera -- the evil flying turtle !
1 what was once thought of as a mere urban legend turns out to be something much more than a scary tale .
0 all of these activities would be a lot more worthwhile than seeing xxx 2 : state of the union .
1 i can report , in all honesty that is is a rare instance where a sequel is better than the original .
0 either it stayed true to its first hour gritty , surprising evil marked by mysterious characters or get lazy and forever be lost to theatrical mediocrity .
1 but he 's not alone , he 's joined by the always powerful max von sydow who delivers a fantastic performance .
1 molly 's theme is bittersweet and captures aurally what the film depicts visually .
0 it was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused .
0 about some things the film gives too much information and about others , not enough .
0 one out of many things that really bothered me in this movie was the monster .
0 the scene where the lead actress talks to herself after her truck gets a flat should go down in b-film history as one of the most ridiculous episodes ever .
1 its devastatingly hilarious .
0 he is interesting enough as an actor , to be found entertaining even in a snoozer like this one .
0 however , the song belonged to be in another movie only because it came at the worst moment ever .
1 but all is perfect in the series .
0 a few opening scenes were okay which sets the tone of the film but later when the characters goes out of character , narration turns lifeless .
1 it kept my interest the entire time and i will be buying the dvd when it comes out !
1 a bit corny , but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale .
1 i highly recommend this movie to any child of the 80 's who has n't seen it .
1 as i watched this movie i began to feel very nostalgic .
1 this film takes you on an emotional rollercoaster through humour , sadness , loss and fulfillment .
1 if you purchase no other film , please , purchase the man in the moon .
1 both segments force you to look at a part of yourself you do n't wear on your sleeve .
0 the device sarne used of throwing in old film clips of bygone stars to emphasize whatever points he was making , does n't work at all .
0 here are come apparent contradictions that make me wonder just what they 're trying to say about gaming .
0 another b actor is robert carradine who along with madsen appear less than five minute in this so called movie .
1 love every minute of it .
1 roland young is for many viewers the definitive topper but the later tv topper , leo g. carroll , did a fine job too .
0 this movie was absolutely horrendous , an insult to the intelligence , without any wit , logic , or reason for being .
1 i am very glad i got a chance to spend the afternoon with her in this film .
0 this clunker i could barely sit through once .
0 she was a rock climber , but the best mountains in the movie remained covered in clouds , and we never saw the peaks .
0 townsend can be funny , but in this film it just felt like he was playing against himself , instead of through his personal experiences and troubles .
0 the dialog was awful , the story line was impenetrable , the camera work was disjointed and hopeless , the acting was wooden .
0 the thing is there probably is a real story here but the translation just does n't work in this film .
0 if you 're a fan of bad movies , you have reached zen here .
0 judged on its good parts alone , the movie would be about a 5 ; unfortunately , the rest of the movie hardly deserves a 1 .
1 great ending , great film overall .
1 i like this whole thing well enough to have paid to own it from start to finish .
1 not peak cronenberg , but still worthwhile and engrossing all the same .
1 do n't take anyone 's word check it out for yourself .
0 as they sail to odessa , the audience understands that they are making a very serious mistake .
1 if you 're reading this you probably already know how talented chan-wook park is .
0 it toilet was funny ; i guess it was a prison style toilet that is all metal with no toilet seat .
1 there is more than meets the eye to this unusual independently filmed and marketed movie .
0 i must say , some of the starting scenes were creepy , but then they just totally missed the mark and put in unnecessary techno music .
1 a fine movie , light and fun ... despite the title .
0 everything about what he did as a plumber was completely absurd .
0 yes oscar nominated director john madden helms this mess .
1 this masterpiece is about an imaginary world about 2 lovers and their journey towards true love .
1 i would have trouble arguing that there was much real substance to the movie , but the movie is such a cinematic wonder that i was completely swept away .
0 this movie was so terrible it effectively put an end to his movie career .
0 so when someone in the movie gets hit in the head you feel like you are watching roadrunner , except this is n't funny .
0 bad , bad , bad
0 bad script , bad direction , over the top performances , overwrought dialogue .
1 the casting is superb and it was taped all over denmark , giving a good example of the highlights that majestic country has to offer .
0 a fine young cast is wasted in this empty , mawkish , manipulative film that tries to be a combination of both a cute comedy and an insightful drama .
1 it starts a little slow but it grabs you very soon and it does n't let go .
0 it 's a very uninspired effort in adapting the novel , and shows very little creative input .
1 again , if you are a fan of john cusack and savage steve holland its definitely recommended .
0 from the gore , shock , and creativity aspect it gets a 10 , but from the storyline and all that stuff it is a 1 .
1 i really hope this show becomes a hit because i would hate to see it canceled .
0 the identity of the spy is repeatedly changed by the scientists , who keep referring to these new virtual personalities of his as a matrix !
0 the worst effect of all is mr. beaver .
1 he gives another astounding performance that will prove to people why this guy is one of the most underrated actors working today .
0 but the viewer never gets to know her as she `` normally '' is and the relationship between her and her husband is rather discomforting .
0 a must watch film , if only to laugh at how bad it is .
1 this was by far one of the best shows i have seen in months if not years and i can not wait for more episodes to come out .
1 there have been some really awful versions of this story , which must be why people are reluctant to look at this version .
1 `` dis '' shows us the pros and cons of dating and life , and that if you want to see a foreign film , watch this one !
1 but in a way , he feels like that brings him closer to reality , because he 's chosen .
1 the script of this film made it by good taste from the writer that mixing love and adventure with showing different characters in the journey from hungary to england .
0 this movie is jewish propaganda and it 's trash , i felt like hugging jews after i saw this movie .
0 i would have liked to see this film on `` mystery science theatre '' it would have been hilarious .
1 this movie is a classic as great as any ever made , without any pretensions .
0 the acting , especially from 's side , is terrible .
0 cut to a bad actor in a military uniform sat behind a desk .
1 as good a gangster movie that has ever been made as depalma does justice to mamet 's electric script .
1 a rather sad pointer to careers gone wrong rather than a camp fun fest as some have suggested .
1 bill and myrna are at their best in i love you again .
1 what makes this film so funny though is the way it portray 's these stereotypes in a completely believable way - almost affectionate , in many cases .
0 i 'd rank it up there with the movie i consider to be the worst film of all time ... battlefield earth .
0 not recommended .
0 this movie is not funny or entertaining in any sense of either word .
1 the record is really very good and peter falk one can never go wrong .
0 be warned ... .. do n't waste your time watching this movie !
1 reading the comments i am struck by the obvious effect this wonderful film has on viewers .
1 i 'm just glad i had a second chance to appreciate what a brilliant and fun show this was .
1 enterprise is one of the most well cast shows since the next generation .
0 first , they ruin it with the uniquely bad animation quality , then , they get voices that sound nothing like the original .
0 as much as i like eddie murphy , i was very disappointed by this film .
0 avoid this one like the plague .
0 lady in the water 's universe is so confusing and muddled that it 's distracting and the viewer spends more time calling it out than getting involved .
0 high noon , part ii : the return of will kane had virtually nothing to do with the original high noon .
1 season 5 had a combination of interesting and amiable teams as well as original locations , only 2 of which had already been visited in previous seasons .
1 death wish is a film of its time , but one that still has significance , and entertainment value for today .
0 and if it 's meant `` tongue-in-cheek '' , then it was n't really entertaining either , the few cynical comments were n't witty enough .
0 the script is n't always clear , the message fuzzy , and the story is full of plot holes once you look back on them .
0 the writing was trite , the pace was slow and disjointed and the characters were boring .
1 worth the high side of 8 out of 10 , which is very high on my scale .
1 however , while the movie could have just been an overdone melodrama , it takes some interesting twists and turns and is an imaginative and fun film .
0 i 've watched this three times , and can not for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage .
1 i would n't rate the movie as high as i do if chad allen did n't look so cute in it .
1 i saw this when it premiered and just re-watched it on ifc again .
1 min jung ho 's devotion and faithfulness throughout the whole drama , make this to be one the best love stories ever !
1 full of twists and turns , this movie gets better each time you see it .
0 acting : horrible , everybody is horrible .
0 hollywood needs bigger and better horror flicks to keep this genre coming back from it 's grave .
1 the script is excellent , the story-line non-linear but easy enough to follow .
1 answering those questions makes the movie .
0 just skip this piece of garbage p.s .
0 this movie is among the top 10 worst movies i have ever seen .
0 but the only tie with the original is the subject of cheerleading and those looking for sexploitation elements will be disappointed .
0 the club scene is not kind to these overweight , dated , old rockers .
1 ultimately , bernard herrmann is seen conducting at the magnificent royal albert hall in london at the climax of the picture .
0 the premise is horrible , the acting is worse and i am not even going to comment on the directing or editing .
0 a movie that is so horribly directed and written with a cast that has no acting ability what so ever .
0 apparently there were no real marine advisers on this movie set .
0 and the subplot involving the military is lame in the extreme .
0 i am portuguese and i 'm ashamed that this film became a blockbuster in portugal .
1 in short , i had a fantastic time watching it , and definitely would be going back to see it again when it opens .
1 do n't miss this film ...
1 he perfectly described my own feeling for this film so more eloquently than i ever could .
1 even if it does n't , it 's a true winner in my eyes .
0 very little is funny other than scene stealing danny devito .
0 4/10 ps : even in this case , the dvd is better than vhs because it 'll never get screwed like tapes will .
1 my friends and i used to get together every friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode .
0 what a waste of a cast !
0 0 out of 10 , 0 out of 10 , 0 out of 10 ! !
0 even the superb talents of paul scofield ca n't salvage what looks to me like a well meaning but misguided effort to film melville 's metaphysical classic .
1 it allows us the viewers to learn about who these people are and connect with them , which is really pretty sick considering how truly sick they are .
1 the life of ordinary young girl , with all the terror and the repression full blown .
1 her portrayal of this wicked , cruel , greedy woman is one of the best i have seen for roles of this ilk .
0 the first time must not have made such a negative impression because i had forgotten how dismal this sequel was .
1 two of the finest actor salman khan and aamir khan plays the lead roles here .
0 stuck on you is a one joke movie , and the joke is n't funny .
1 some people might find holmes 's character a bit smug , but that is accurate to the stories by sir arthur conan doyle .
1 this movie did make me feel for the woman because of her illness , and for the cancer it made me feel like she has hope ... of dieing .
0 *1/2 from ****
1 do n't miss this lovely emotional drama that perfectly blends laughter and tears to maximum effect .
1 the only reservation i have is that this show is not appropriate for the kids due to its crude language and adult situations .
0 i just ca n't agree with it i think it 's just another pile of horse dung that we get on our cartoon stations everyday , only worse .
1 again , much like raw deal , next of kin is about vengeance and anger and it all bottles up until one big explosion of revenge in the end .
0 the film quickly degenerated into horrible on the nose cheesy dialogue , and rushed tv sappy melodramatic acting .
1 she and dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight .
0 i wish i could have something good to say about this movie , but i am afraid that i do n't .
1 i used to watch that movie as a kid with my family and that was where i was first introduced to danny kaye 's comedic genius .
1 whether you 're crazy about jesus or not , this is an eye-opening film .
1 it was powerfully acted by both leading roles .
1 after having watched koyaanisqatsi two or three dozen times and loving every second of it , i finally had a chance to see it 's sequel life in transformation .
1 so in the end what 's left is the soundtrack -- a genuine rock and roll achievement .
1 and of course salma is absolutely a treat to the eyes .
1 this is the gift that the olsen twins bring to their work as well .
1 do not watch on tv , go and drink a lot of beer instead - you 'll enjoy it more !
0 i get that they have to film half speed to avoid hurting each other , but there are smooth edits and then there 's this .
0 the script is bad .
0 their love scenes lack spark and they have zero sexual chemistry .
1 watch it repeatedly over different stages of your life ...
0 it is just a long television episode , the plot does not move along whatsoever .
1 for this script and portrayal , she was perfect .
1 she has begun to show her age , but i still believe her to be one of the most beautiful and breathtaking women to ever have lived .
1 strong , complex performances throughout , paint a startling picture of the extraordinary lengths to which women had to go to get the right to vote in the u.s .
1 at that time , i barely knew who the twins were , so that only made the whole thing more surreal .
1 some of the messages the film tries to convey are done so unrealistically , however , some of the scenes are moving and authentic .
0 even the sexy scene is out of place and make us feel sorry for the actors .
0 very , very weak in terms of acting , script and direction .
0 you know whats going to happen long before it does , and when it does , it looks good , but it 's still not very fulfilling .
0 just two adults : one elderly white cop and one young black guy .
1 it 's films like these that makes everyone think that the us is full of itself .
0 take , for example , the overuse of portraying indians as bad folk .
1 and even though some cultural references are obscure for me , a western viewer , at the core this is a universal tale .
1 sit back and enjoy the ride ! ! !
0 still i gave this movie a 3 because of cast , acting , makeup and stuff .
1 very neat claymation and while the story had holes , it kept my interest beginning to end .
0 should 've asked for overtime pay .
0 honestly , you learn nothing about cannibalism , the characters are unrealistic and the movie is mind-numbing boring .
0 this show does nothing but annoy .
1 the whole concert feeling is very well captured , since they used real audiences .
1 this is what i believe could be one of the best movies ever made for television .
0 it distracted from the main storyline and felt awkward , not to mention painfully unfunny .
1 this is available cheap as chips in the uk on dvd so treat yourself .
0 after the first hour , the movie really loses its way .
0 just like it 's awful sister `` princess diaries : the royal engagement '' this was a bomb .
1 if you can ignore the inferior dubbing and the obvious special effects , `` twin dragons '' is a rewarding riot of hilarity .
1 slaughter studios never takes itself seriously , it moves along at a fair pace & is never boring or dull & makes for good entertainment .
1 the moral ramifications are staggering .
1 it 's a story about a great architect , a son seeking his father , about very loving relationships , and about loss .
0 all in all , not an entertaining presentation .
1 overall , this movie was good for what it was worth , in fact , i sort of like this movie .
1 i laughed so hard i think i hurt myself yet the main characters were all so human , so honest , and so very real .
0 not only can he not act , but he certainly ca n't pull off the even minor emotional changes necessary for the role .
1 the first kill is a cracker and sadly the later ones are n't as good , but they still just about work in the context .
1 these stories are filmed in a quality color process and are all variations on a theme of painting and perception generally speaking .
1 it takes you on a tour of the lives of harry and lloyd ; two guys in rhode island who are going nowhere in life .
1 job here with excellent camera work , adding good atmosphere , good angles and keeping the film at a very fast pace .
0 seriously : do n't bother !
0 it seems unlike her to be so careless about something like that !
0 he can produce eye-candy , but its pretentiousness and fundamental artistic emptiness just diminishes all the joy .
1 jeanne bauer showed more natural life in her five minute bit part than corinne showed at any part of her screen time .
1 a very stylish movie that takes a lot of themes and meshes them with some success .
0 there is nothing in the film even worth watching .
1 hsm and many others may have a great commercial success for kids , but its grease which truly makes a cheesy school musical enjoyable for the whole family .
1 i gave this a rating of 7 it 's in color , actress meg tilly debuted in this film if you can find it see it .
0 this was worse than watching a car wreck .
1 life is harder than expected in the states , and this film beautifully captures the frustration felt when things are not going right .
0 i gave it a 3 because i enjoyed the scenery and cinematography ; otherwise i would have given it a 1 .
0 walker texas ranger is one of the worst shows produced in the past 10 years .
1 anchors aweigh is a great example of why musicals just are n't made any more .
1 there 's never been another movie like `` green pastures . ''
0 aging , embittered mentor turns out to drink a lot and teach very little .
1 it 's quite involving watching these events come about , especially through a character driven story .
1 the story grabs you almost from the very start as a young boy , son of americans , is whisked away from his parents by amazon rain forest natives .
0 the end is way to sudden , and so not believable .
0 production values seem to be even lower than the average adult movie .
0 i ca n't stress enough how bad this film was .
0 this must be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
0 this movie does n't even make the attempt to be coherent .
0 but as the plot advances , it becomes totally incoherent .
0 save your time , pass this one up ... 1/10
1 this film shows the group in transition from mod rockers to one of the biggest live bands of the 70 's .
0 the story meanders hopelessly from one ridiculous scene to the next .
0 giant 's henchmen inexplicably deliver their cheesy lines in the style of 1930s new york gangsters ; and 00 uses a variety of badly designed gadgets .
1 for example , the historical look at an assassination in is done very indirectly by examining the life of one family .
0 two climaxes for the price of one .
1 it was a show that the whole family could watch and i recommend it to anyone who enjoys wholesome family entertainment or good shows in general .
0 it deserves a 3/10 ; a 4/10 if i were feeling extremely generous .
1 go see this movie ... ... i just have to say one word ... ... . bliss ! .
0 they try to make the zodiac killer compare himself to an `` army of one '' because soldiers are really just murderers .
1 i can only hope that more great films like this come out of pittsburgh .
0 and what little plot there is seems to be designed to get more of these less than attractive women naked so they can join in the dancing .
0 the direction is n't awful but it 's just generally uninspired .
1 and i absolutely just love sookie st. james !
1 to everyone who 's reviewed this excellent film and found that gangster no .
0 as for being a serious movie , i 'm afraid i 'll have to rate this a 2 .
1 i hate comments that reveal the complete story ... .no ... but i loved the character of the vindictive cop .
0 this movie was truly god-awful .
1 bryan brown is excellent when i dont normally like him , but then his whole gang are a great piece of work .
1 the film contains a little bit of everything and even though some of the scenes were a bit heavy-handed , they were still fun .
1 batman is a smart detective that uses fear to get what he wants and robin is techno savvy sidekick that does more than deliver lame punch lines .
0 what makes it even more pitiful is the time , effort and money put into a super predictable script and action .
1 if one can accept these failings in foresight , the movie is very interesting , with a solid lead performance by thinnes as the troubled astronaut .
1 i urge you to watch just one story as you 'll be hooked .
1 the take off of michael jackson is so like him , if you close your eyes you believe it 's him singing .
0 the problem with this movie is that it is so damn annoying .
0 the other actors really are n't worth a mention because of the total lack of respect for their characters shown by the director and writer of the film .
0 of course , i had a great relationship with my customers so they told me that i was right , it was a waste of time and money .
0 everything about this movie , from the acting , to the sets , to the effects , were laughably awful .
1 i have seen a couple movies on eating disorders but this one was definitely my favorite one .
0 nothing much really happens , and the so-called character-driven angles really do n't add up to much .
0 meanwhile , lex luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie .
1 his monologue during the adoption hearing was one of the best scenes in the whole movie and very well done .
1 i related to the relationship of the boy and his father very well and growing my dog at times was my best friend .
1 with some crazy lines , this movie is pure fun for everyone .
0 avoid this movie like the plague .
0 i am a huge fan of the war genre , and this movie is crap .
0 it offers the worst of what the vietnam war offered viewed through the communist propaganda of that time , pretending to be about a war against the iraqi people .
0 i 'd love to block nick but do n't have the heart at this point but if nick keeps putting out this kind of crap i 'll have to .
0 none of these people have any talent .
0 some of my views on this bomb : - lack of directorial creativity .
0 the bottom line here , all being said , is that for a considerable portion of the movie i was simply bored .
1 he perfectly described my own feeling for this film so more eloquently than i ever could .
0 there are also a couple of examples of artistic cinematography and symbolic imagery , but it never really pays off .
0 we get some killer vines , a giant spider , several giant scorpions , a huge ape & some flying dragons all of which look pretty childish & unconvincing .
1 people criticise disney 's animated features of the 1950s for being overly glossy , set in landscapes that are much too pristine .
0 all the actors must 've been bored or had no fame at the time .
0 there are too many cliché story telling techniques to prevent me from knowing what i maybe should have not known in certain parts of the film .
0 add this to the total lack of gore or horror elements & we 've got a turkey on our hands which is best avoided .
1 some are little out there but most of the time it is the quality of the story telling .
0 take away however is an absolute bomb , qualifying as one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
0 it just feels pointless to watch .
0 the preacher also uses like 4 different disguises , a skeleton , clown , and something else ... .
1 the dialogs are better than a lot of regular comedies , let alone the average porno .
0 even if you ignore the dodgy accents , low production values and appalling camera work this film has absolutely nothing going for it .
1 i 've never seen and maybe will never see another more vibrant and colorful character .
1 a profound and powerful end to an almost perfect film .
0 they , typically , are the lowest denominator of television and entertainment .
0 the idea of teaming these two famous screen baddies is promising , but they share scant screen time together .
0 i felt bored watching a huge bunch of nonsense which might have make sense but at the end it did n't .
1 it 's one of the best gothic stories of all times .
0 lots of sub plots are thrown at you and still no story can be found .
0 sure there are worse reality shows but none are as mean spirited or as dumb .
1 charming , clever , fun and well made , what 's not to enjoy ?
0 also , the chemistry between latifah and fallon just was n't there and they did n't seem right for each other .
1 it is `` the best years of our lives '' .
0 other that those people , the movie had some charming moments but overall it is not recommended .
1 an effective scene of fading cars highlights will 's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the day of the funeral .
1 conti 's portrayal is so good that i ca n't think of anyone else doing it .
1 i remember devil dog playing on tbs almost 20 years ago , and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day .
1 the characters have a lot of depth to them .
1 if you do n't expect an academy award winner , then you should find this movie very entertaining .
0 the director and stars should be banished from making movies forever .
0 however the handsome irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting , that lets the film down quite a bit in terms of realism .
0 dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical .
1 first of all , it won first prize at the rio film festival where it was called the best brazilian movie of the year .
0 comedy is supposed to be funny and reality is supposed to be riveting ; this show was neither .
0 not as bad as lapd with dennis hopper but i still gave it a 1 .
1 its a enchanting love story that brings the sun out in most people , even in the darkest times .
0 the movie fails to transcend the screen , and stays simply as a piece of film , a point in history .
1 well , probably because it is n't exactly believable , ... but boy is it entertaining and creative .
1 this film restores one 's faith that youth is not in fact wasted on the young .
1 everyone involved in this film should get a big thumbs up .
0 decent actors , but overall an uninvolving script with characters that i did n't care a fig about .
0 hero and passive woman run from monster .
1 andy garcia truly shows that he is a great actor , and the supporting actors seem more than believable to me .
0 the teenagers of the piece are actually good but they are playing such cliched characters .
0 under the label of `` independent thinkers '' , a giant cheesy brain sends out waves through television sets and forces innocent viewers to kill !
1 make no mistake though ; for the feel-good genre , the pursuit of happiness is a brutal , sometimes cruel entry .
1 showing situations that would normally shock anyone , though the characters glide through these incredibly awkward scenarios with ease .
0 it was n't good , it was n't interesting , it did n't keep me on the edge and it did n't really send a message .
1 it was surprising how much suspense was in the script which gave the film a real thriller atmosphere which continues to build in tone as the mystery is unraveled .
1 like an impressionist painting , the town creates the illusion of reality from a distance but reveals itself as a highly stylized wax fabrication up close .
1 this movie has changed my whole attitude to life .
0 naturally that might make him to look like an idiot , but considering the other statements he has made lately , it should n't be surprising to anyone .
0 this movie is not only structurally impaired , characteristically undeveloped , predictable and badly written , but also just plain bad .
1 paul haggis tries to ask and answer provocative questions and his new film disturbs , heats and moves a lot , every character being powerful .
0 it just seems to promise more than it actually delivers , by teasing us with such tame excuses for horror .
0 i just ca n't believe i 've spent an hour and a half of my life on something like this ! !
1 it is a perfect movie to watch if you just want to relax and be entertained .
1 there are a lot of totally mesmerising scenes in this movie .
0 for example , toward the end of the movie , i was wondering whether or not to keep my eyes shut to keep myself from getting physically sick .
0 this was the worst independent film i 've seen since clerks .
0 at various points the dialogue was so bad it must have been written by a graduate of a junior high school creative writing class .
1 i 'd never seen an independent movie and i was really impressed by the writing , acting and cinematography of jake 's closet .
0 this makes hammer horror tv shows look like oscar material .
0 the film-making has the main hallmarks of a low-budget production , including blurry fight scenes and clumsy montages .
0 the narration was idiotic .
0 this one turned out to be the worst , with no substance , poor dialog , and an incredible lack of action .
0 intriguing premise completely wasted somehow by carpenter and crew .
1 he puts cale on a pedestal and credits him properly .
0 the only way hope lange and hal holbrook could have had this ugly , obnoxious kid was to have taken in the child of some friends .
0 skip this one .
1 this disc is not for the faint of heart ... the music is incredibly intense , and very cool .
0 steve 's rendition of a dying cat during his `` i love what i know '' serenade had me vomiting for hours .
0 and the whole movie was just bad and poorly put together ... it does n't seem very cohesive to me .
1 designed to be in keeping with robert 's love of old american music , the music helps to define the subject .
0 first off , i recorded this because the title and info given on the cable guide made this movie sound interesting -- if not for a few laughs .
0 then there 's movies like rest stop that should just never have been made because they are just plain dreadful .
0 even my five year old was bored .
0 heavy equipment plods like prehistoric dinosaurs ; men in their fire suits stumble about like aliens from outer space .
1 i enjoy classic and this one is certainly a classic to be remembered .
0 the trip through the intestines to the expected landing does n't work the first time , let alone the following ones .
0 the film takes what could have been a viable premise and makes it into nothing but a laughable farce .
0 though , it was n't as stupid as others i 've witnessed on the screen , it still had way too many groaners , and was way too predictable .
0 basically only difference between the two characters is that mr. hyde has long hair and dr. jekyll is unshaven .
1 it neither pretentious or flashy my two teenage daughters loved it and for a change i was n't embarrassed by any of the film content or language .
1 funny , funny , funny .
1 assuming the miniseries was available on dvd i purchased first editions of all three books last year .
0 the alpha release seems to be the most commonly available ; the picture is n't bad , but the sound is lousy .
1 his expertly delivered catchphrases will live on , in my life , and the lives of my many future grandchildren .
0 no stars , none whatsoever .
0 jody was confident and sexy , but the character did nothing and went nowhere .
1 house of dracula was made towards the end of universal 's horror cycle of the 1940 's and i 've seen this a couple of times .
1 if you have n't seen this , definitely rent it or buy it as i did .
0 nonsensical !
0 this movie has to be the worst film i have seen .
0 the actors are completely flat and deliver their lines with the passion of a dead dog .
1 still with the keen intelligence that holmes has and basil rathbone brings to the role , those enemies of democracy had no idea what they were dealing with .
0 brendan fraser is an above average actor who is made to look like a star by the wooden `` acting '' of elizabeth hurley .
0 for a movie that is about ghosts , lost souls , and haunted houses where things go `` bump '' , there sure is a severe lack of atmosphere .
1 if you do not like viva la bam or cky i doubt you will like this .
0 tired and uninspired .
1 this movie is not an exception , quite on the contrary , it is another gem , that unfortunately not many have seen .
1 the other actors are all great here , too , but she is wonderful .
1 the final sequences in which the girls dance cancan are unforgettable images .
0 totally forgettable , has no place in the film , and it often appears at the most inappropriate times .
0 this movie was advertised as the french version of the mummy , but the mummy has at least spectacular and enjoyable effects ...
0 boogeyman 2 has nothing to do with the first movie .
1 as in b-movies , they are done with a sense of style and they are charming that way .
0 its jokes are not funny , and you 'll have much more fun parodying or watching a parody of it then viewing the movie .
1 also the action is great with some of the first every special effects on the tv thanks to lucas film .
0 where the movie really loses credibility is in the final third of the film where the suspect script , weak performances , and lackluster direction all head further south .
0 i 've just finished watching patrick stewart 's `` carol '' , and am mightily disappointed .
0 just like the movie ... ..i had to keep checking how much time was left and could n't wait to `` graduate '' to a better film .
0 it would have been otherwise if the author had consistently followed one style ; the scene could have been quite funny .
0 i rated this 2 out of 10 , though , because of a pretty cool soundtrack , and because `` dorothy '' was kinda cute .
1 you get the chance to put yourselves in the shoes of each of the characters in turn , and this helps define each character to a satisfying depth .
0 as movie fans watch this horrible movie , they anticipate that the movie will end `` please now and thank you '' .
0 the film distractingly switches between black and white and color , as well as time .
0 it was n't `` smart '' or `` trendy '' , it was gross and sloppy .
1 i too enjoyed this entry into the world of neophyte doctor , dr. kildare .
0 rabid zombie women eat a man and one soldier adopts one as his girlfriend to scratch his back and fan him .
1 another wonderful scene occurred when the doctor encouraged antwone to search for his family to find answers to his questions about his family that abandoned him .
0 apart from being incredibly slow , which i do n't mind as long as the wait is worth it , but it just is n't .
1 it is one of the funniest movies ever .
0 the writing , direction , casting , and acting are all off the mark .
0 hooper seemed to be using the whole horror story as a statement about mass consumerism gone horribly wrong .
0 ryder sleep walks through an enigmatic and poorly conceived role , and there really is not very much tension or mystery .
1 i can remember seeing this excellent thriller only once many years ago but it certainly made a lasting impression on me .
0 i do n't recommend this film .
1 it 's not for everyone , but people who are interested in weir 's work or that of odd premises should give it a go .
0 ova 1 fails to incorporate the qualities of the original anime series that made it such a success .
1 it may not be exactly like the comics , but it was impossible to do a live action spider-man on 70 's tv like the one in the comics .
1 i did n't , i expected a drew barrymore movie , but she actually has a rather small role , but i good one .
1 this movie started out confusing and grew into one of the best movies i have seen ...
1 of special note is the song and dance of tough-guy james cagney .
0 unfortunately , it is insanely stupid , venturing into so-bad-it's-good area half the time and just bad area the other half .
1 none of it distracts , but gives it a sense of realism and a more then believable rapport between the characters .
1 in the end , you 'll find this story , this movie , is what all fairy tales should be but all too often are not .
0 the film does not capture the beauty of europe ... ..and was n't successful in leading the audience into suspense or wonder .
1 it captures the true essence of the decade and of the people , and tells a beautiful love story of two sisters with two sailors .
1 after they are back on land and go before a review board , washington and hackman shake hands and are all buddy buddy !
0 unfortunately , the film has no style , no class , no good murders , and it 's as funny as aids .
1 i was into this anime so much that after the end i just had to do some research and i found all my answers and a whole lot more .
1 robert downey jr shows the lighter side of his genius , and cathy moriarty is splendid .
0 as a stand alone piece of entertainment it did nothing for me & as a show made by a so-called master of horror it disappoints me even more .
0 although bones has potential , it fails due to the lacking of the director who has n't been able to extract the essence of the show from the actors .
1 this was a very nice concert by the one and only mj .
1 i recommend it to everyone : the best spanish movie of the year .
0 the violence is sadistic and extreme , which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horror enthusiasts , but it 's also indescribably gratuitous and exploitative .
1 now , there certainly are plenty of action in this movie , but even the action sequences is made with a twinkle in the eye .
0 the movie just dragged on and on .
1 he has done the show since 1993 and is still keeping the spirit of doing talk shows and entertaining everyone .
1 you will simply love this movie and will place it among your favorites to watch during the holiday season .
1 how his charter evolved as both man and ape was outstanding .
0 the third and final section involves the totally gratuitous slaughter of an indian village .
0 avoid at all costs , unless you want to laugh and make fun of it for the hour and a half .
1 you can make a decision on what you think is better ... grade - a score - 9
1 however , italy has not produced a better piece of film work since ... .the 1980 's .
0 after an intriguing start , this little drama quickly descends into the ranks of sheer mediocrity .
0 i give it nothing more than 1 out of 5 .
0 this movie is so basically bad that it makes me wonder if i have n't been making excuses for argento for some time now .
1 i would n't say underrated , because it seems that everyone who has watched it agrees with me .
0 this movie is by no means good , but i ca n't lie and say i did n't stay entertained the entire time .
0 this is really a 3rd rate , made-for-television mess .
1 if you like robert wagner , antonio sabato jr. , and janine turner then watch this excellent movie !
1 not all movies should have that predictable ending that we are all so use to , and it 's great to see movies with really unusual twists .
0 with such a limited number of foreign movies issued in the usa , why in the world would anybody want to import this drivel .
1 also many funny moments and scenes are included - at the beginning with the spot where sun is shining and many more .
0 the acting is n't to great either and most of the characters are really annoying i ended up hating all of them and looking forward to their demise .
0 getting shot at by real arrows would be a lot less painful than sitting through this one .
1 my respect is for both directors .
1 i do n't claim to be an expert in bengali literature , but i have always found stories coming out of bengal to be a class apart .
0 this is the worst bond picture of all time .
0 the tv cartoon version works well if you want a visual portrayal - save your money ... seriously .
1 but this movie , i feel , made us closer .
1 i believed what she was saying and doing at every moment .
0 and to say that cuba gooding jr 's cousin cant act is the least of his problems .
1 it is the same theme than in the movie `` final destination '' and makes it a gothic tale .
1 west point has been recently restored and given a rousing new score by david davidson .
0 the script is really weak .
1 although compared with `` mad max '' , this film is in a league of its own .
1 duchovny was n't sorry he cheated -- he was sorry he got caught .
1 `` tomorrow the world '' is a thought provoking film about an american family who adopts a troubled german boy after the war .
0 the film really does n't managed to satirize anything about the 1950s .
0 i think somebody has to win a van contest or something similarly morbid .
0 the lead female character is a sadly ugly woman of no discernible charm or grace , given no witty lines and only ugly behavior .
0 do n't waste your money or your time on this movie .
0 and please ... the whole movie is a big cliché , nothing different , even the gore parts are hideous .
0 save your money and stare at a blank wall for 2 hrs - it 'll be more entertaining !
1 he is an uncompromising artist and , in my opinion , america should be honored to have him .
0 i could be snide and say the only good thing about this movie was how short it was , but there is no saving grace to this film .
0 it is disjointed and feels like a 3 hour movie that has been edited to 1 hour and 40 minutes .
0 the effects would have been mediocre in the 70 's , but are just atrocious by today 's standards .
0 whenever mr. d'onofrio is working on a case , he sucks at acting .
1 but if you get past that , what you have here is a smart and entertaining caper film where the people pulling the caper are all female .
1 this bizarrely underrated yet great movie really deserves a rating of approximately 8/10 .
1 the card tricks are something you never would see performed in a real poker game .
1 i had been looking forward to seeing this film for a long time , after seeing `` return to paradise , '' which i found to be gritty .
1 great director , great story , great movie , great actors and actresses .
1 this doc is not only be recommended for madonna fans !
1 this is one of the best of many great columbo installments .
0 2 of 10 - above a 1 only because i like vanessa angel , though not one of her better films .
0 if you have time to kill and having nothing better to do , then this is the movie for you .
0 `` three '' aka `` survivor island '' keeps you in as much suspense as watching paint dry only to let you down even more miserably .
0 this film heavily relied on its special effects ... but they personally had no effect on me .
0 unknown people talk off screen without ever being seen ; music is clumsily intrusive in places ; and melodramatic posturing sporadically substitutes for acting .
1 these three personalities bounce off of each other very well .
1 acting , cinematography , sound all typical greatness for chan-wook park .
1 it takes a while to get adjusted to the sound of sons of the pioneers , but then you thoroughly enjoy it .
0 you sure wo n't be attracted by the dialogue , which is hopeless .
1 lots of action , lots of great dialogue , a little intrigue , and stuff blowing up all over the place .
0 the script is dreadful in parts , with exposition that may as well be spoken directly to camera .
1 it was extremely well acted by almost all the cast , and robert de niro in particular gives a performance worthy of an oscar nomination .
0 the low budget reeks , the direction is pedestrian and the writing and acting is lame .
0 it was , without a doubt , the worst movie i ever paid to see .
0 i was expecting to play a story of a royal baby who was kidnapped by vampires .
0 this movie just shows how corrupted religion is , especially christianity .
1 best of all , it is a great tribute to sandra dee , in her most famous role .
1 the cinematography , the dialogue , plot , structure , acting , and especially editing rank with the greatest movies of all time from any country .
0 i found the lead character to be irritating .
0 i have rated this movie a 1/10 and have done this in good nature .
1 i decided to view phantasm again so i bought it on dvd and i 'm glad that i did .
0 the first time i saw it , i was so disappointed that i turned it off .
0 george must have done this turkey strictly for the money .
0 i then read all the comments on this website and the pretentiousness of the film is only matched by its defendants .
1 over the past couple of months it 's been popping up all over cable , so do yourself a favor and watch out for it .
0 look at this movie as an absolute last resort .
0 good performers like matthew lillard and kim delaney do n't add anything .
1 some people may be offended by the humor , but it 's done tastefully .
1 in my reading experience timeline is one of my favorite books , the story is great .
0 there were two extended musical sequences that felt like padding to bring up the time and even then the film was only about 80 minutes long .
1 `` best in show '' is , without a doubt , the best comedy of 2000 .
1 it is very different from seagal 's other films though , which unfortunately may turn off some of his fans .
1 between each song jolson talks a bit and introduces the songs .
0 even with a few glimpses of the naked hedy lamarr , it is n't worth all the fuss that accompanied the film when it debuted .
1 it is beyond me how this man could have fulfilled all these roles and do them so well .
0 the screenplay is unimaginably stupid , with scenes that do n't connect at all to each other .
0 it 's painful to watch , and not helped by the mental 80 's fashions worn by the cast .
0 i can not imagine what warhol was trying to accomplish , but viewing `` empire '' must be a similar experience to sitting through `` the she creature '' .
0 and please , in the name of whoever you believe in , do not expose your children to this piece of **** .
0 i ca n't imagine this raw turkey ever being in a theater .
1 this movie will always come last with a great distance after all the other adaptations ever made of tolkien 's work .
0 this is the worst pink panther movie .
1 but anyway , this is a classic cartoon .
0 a very shallow character who does little to bring the film to life .
0 and michael mcdowell , other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film , does so , too .
1 it is a pity that many hal roach laurel and hardy films are now generally unavailable to the public .
1 if you 're looking for a fun independent movie then give why we had to kill bitch a try .
0 as for humor , the best that fred claus could possibly come up with is santa 's brother being his exact opposite and some joke about a dj elf .
0 i think these stories were meant to be over the top , but the third one was where it went bad .
0 as for ms. carrol , she still looks like a stripper and the rest of the cast limp through this silly flick .
1 the early 50s atmosphere is stunning , the acting terrific , and the entire production shows a lot of careful planning .
0 put this on the long list of movies that had a slight potential of being good , but ended up being terrible .
0 trust me , because i stuck this turkey out to the end .
0 as for this movie , it is a very silly an horridly produced wwii propaganda film that featured a dumb plot and wretched editing .
1 roll is fast-paced , often funny , and a very worthwhile use of an hour .
1 originally intended for madonna , this was an excellent role for geena davis .
0 then , after chewing up his wife and her lover , he wanders off again , and somehow manages to get himself electrocuted .
0 it was pretty ridiculous from a factual and realistic point-of-view , and pretty much worth missing .
0 he was in these really awful italian , dubbed movies that starred reeves as hercules or some other muscle bound hero .
1 several scenes are really scary and you fear for the main characters who you actually grow attached to .
0 please , do me one favor , do n't subject yourself to this `` psychological thriller '' .
0 the audience is asked to assume the unfamiliar role of a legal secretary , and then empathize with the excruciatingly dumb protagonist .
0 mike binder has proved himself to be utterly inept in the directing business .
1 this is the movie that in a very tight oscar race year , won nine academy awards .
1 maybe that 's why this has become one of my favorite films of all time .
1 i have seen the biscuit eater on television and it has been one of my favorite films .
0 the entire movie was based on how unrealistic they could make it , to make little like it which made it even stupider .
0 this type of movie has been so overdone and for this movie not to bring anything new to the table is inexplicable .
0 whoever wrote this trash should be hanged .
0 before getting to the end , you want to kill the sappy main characters and then kill yourself just to end the misery ! !
1 8/10 `` my uncle gave it to me for my birthday '' you will laugh when you hear this quote occurs in the movie .
1 as i sit here in my own mountain seen in so california i loved the story and the plot .
1 bruce willis shines as the hero john mcclane , and alan rickman is excellent as the terrorist leader hans gruber .
0 it 's simply a big animated mess and it proves that the astérix franchise is going from bad to worse .
0 i could go on for another ten lines , but this film just is n't worth the bother .
1 watch the show , first , then watch the documentary to savor it .
0 they are the retarded droppings of a los angeles nightclub ; in other words , they all worked in the `` independent film '' industry before this .
1 old story fresh view .
1 she may have won her oscar for shakespeare but she should be remembered for this .
1 at the suspenseful scenes , it was very predictable , but overall , i would give it a 7/10 .
1 this really touched me and as a film , which is based on a true story , it convinced me .
1 i read somewhere that irene dunne helped in writing that speech along with director vidor and it certainly seems to show through in her movies !
0 the second largest flaw is that aaron eckhart is woefully miscast , leaving a character floundering in a story where he no longer makes any sense .
0 i gave it 3 stars because i appreciated the old footage and the premise .
1 i recently bought a copy of this movie , and i never tire of watching it .
0 ca n't recommend it .
1 i ca n't wait to see more of rupert 's films in the future .
0 this easily gets my vote as one of the worst movies i 've ever wasted time on .
0 single funniest scene : egg in a godzilla suit terrorizing a posh dinner party .
1 i loved this movie and searched for it for a number of years .
1 it holds your attention from beginning to end .
1 final fantasy viii is truly the last great love story of the 20th century ... a story for the ages .
0 im actually watching the movie as i write this , i felt compelled to pick up my laptop and vent my frustration out on how crap this movie is .
0 i give it a 3 .
1 but as the story progress , the film gains momentum and a sense of purpose , making it a superior adventure .
1 it 's lasted all this time , it will live on for many more years to come !
0 the writing , directing , acting , and everything was just terrible .
0 good waste of time like most films .
1 thankfully as a student i have been able to watch `` diagnosis murder '' for a number of years now .
1 it is so wholesome that even when it tries to be dirty it would n't make your grandmother uncomfortable .
0 no stars from ****
1 for whatever reason , this is rerun less than the later two peanuts movies , so seek it out on dvd - you wo n't be disappointed .
1 it did n't take me long to get hooked on this film , and aside from a courtroom scene that is merely good , this is top-notch entertainment .
0 waste of good idea .
1 at first corelli 's bravado was irritating , but soon he grew on you .
1 jigsaw delivers a lot of verbal shots , however heavy-handed , at the reactionary forces .
0 after the ending i felt like this movie was pointless .
0 the acting leaves you expecting a sudden plot twist where it 's revealed you were duped and you are watching a cheap porno .
1 even the villain hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reasons .
0 for starters , she looks terrible ; wan and sickly , with circles under her eyes and primarily , she plays a punching bag .
1 highly recommended .
1 melancholic `` greek '' comedy .
0 if it were a stooges film that would be great ... but not in a horror film .
0 this felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money off the success of the first and not to make an actually `` good '' film .
0 the movies plot had potential to be something great , but it just does n't happen .
1 funny , exciting , intriguing , beautiful , sad and illuminating this movie is one of my favourite war movies .
0 do n't bother trying to follow the screens , since there 's nothing going on anyways .
1 this is a boy adventure well made and with the heart in the right place .
0 the main plot of an epic like this should at least be reasonably plausible , but not here .
0 this man should really stick to making comics , since he fails on all possible accounts as a director .
0 whoever made this film should be ashamed of themselves .
1 this also might be the best movie ever made about war-time propaganda , revealing the nuts and bolts of manufacturing heroes for public consumption .
1 it is a film that explores weill 's movement from germany to america and extracts of the music he wrote in both countries from the 20 's to 1950 .
0 give me a couple of bucks and i can make a movie better than this .
1 the technical work and supporting actors are uniformly superb .
0 the dialogue is god awful , often laughable , and the acting is just as bad .
0 this script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that the characters are all written down to a sitcom level .
0 `` melvin goes to dinner '' may be the worst movie ever made avoid it at all costs .
1 some parts are a total freak show and the characters change during the show so to keep it serious and keep it real is not an easy job .
1 there is so much more to this woman .
0 the story is week , and predictable .
0 at a relative short 88 minutes it still seems too long and you 'll find yourself fast-forwarding quite a bit .
0 do n't waste your time , there is no suspense , no atmosphere , no dramatic and no convincing action at all .
1 i always enjoy seeing harry carey in a movie , and this role is particularly neat , since he was one of wayne 's idols .
1 if you liked the other two movies in the trilogy you will love this one also .
1 however , its a fast moving film that was enjoyed not just by me but by some americans i dragged along to it .
0 hood of the living dead gets a 3 out of 10 , a little entertainment here and there but it only succeeds as a low budget cringe fest .
0 the effect is the unpleasant sense that the film-maker is attempting to make us accept that against which we might otherwise be guarded .
1 i guess i 'll have to call them both the best animated features of 1989 !
0 after spending two hours of my life watching this film , i have no insights into its characters or its social and moral standpoint .
0 i can not think of anything good to say about this film apart from that it eventually ended !
0 what a waste of time and money
1 but after the initial shock faded , i really few in love with this family and wanted to know what was going on .
1 when it comes to creating a universe george lucas is the undisputed master and his final star wars film is very , very good .
0 richard widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character .
0 when the best performance in a movie is by andy dick , you know there 's got to be a problem ...
0 this picture contains a few nice atmospheric bits , but nothing much happens .
0 i cant believe how bad it was .
0 even a lot bad movies are interesting on some level but 2000 & none is boring on every level .
0 go to the website , download the preview , save yourself $ 3.99 .
1 the movie is a musical , which is gutsy for anyone to write a new musical , but the lighting technical achievement is incredible .
0 it 's less stylized than what one might find from a similarly budgeted warner bros movie , but also less fun to watch .
0 and you know what will happen to the main `` immortal '' characters , so there is little suspense .
0 why did david have to be so pitifully immature when others his age are already in , and enjoying , responsible positions ?
1 fortunately , by throwing all pretense of reality to the winds , they have created a comedic marvel .
0 is this movie supposed to teach young people that it 's okay to search for the meaning of life but still always watch out for rapists ?
1 i will watch this time and time again for years to come .
1 the actresses casted here are pitch perfect in their delivery and roles , be they the veterans or the child actors .
1 i had been on the haunted mansion ride as kid in disneyland , and i love it .
1 alfred hitchcock 's `` stage fright '' is less well known than his other films of this era .
1 good performance by oliver platt .
0 if you 've never experienced the lifestyle , indian summer will probably be lost on you ; do n't bother .
0 in conclusion , the movie on its own is a total zero , but the `` mst3k '' version is 10/10 .
1 having bought the rights to `` rosemary 's baby '' , he is put in a very special place for negotiating its film release .
0 `` written on the wind '' is an overrated melodramatic soap opera , with artificial characters and situations .
1 the series takes place in baltimore , and it is about the everyday happenings in a particular neighborhood and its down and out residents .
1 you pull for them to live happily ever after and frankly that is what a good romantic drama should do .
0 linda blair does nothing here as well as hasselhoff .
0 if you enjoy getting a laugh out of really bad movies , this one will be right up your alley .
0 idea and script of this movie was awful .
0 even the opportunity to see whether the young james dean survived was n't enough to keep me watching for more than an hour .
0 the acting is bearable -- not good , but bearable .
1 it is wonderful to see lon chaney sr. near the end of his career , and joan crawford at the beginning of hers .
0 i give this a 2/10 and that is the worst i give .
0 it 's just that the movie brought absolutely nothing new to the romantic comedy genre .
1 their story is so real and very simple .
1 so whether the references are painful or not , no apologies , it is the basis for the film .
1 the drawings are more child-like than in any of miyazaki 's other works , but there 's beauty in its simplicity .
0 even for an escapist movie , where the viewer turn his or her brain off , this film 's script is too thin .
0 i cant believe this show - it has to be one of the worst things i have ever seen .
1 it was psychological and not macabre .
0 everything happens in this movie ... from weddings , to funerals , then a pregnancy , and it is thoroughly predictable .
0 this is a low-budget movie rife with silly stereotypes , bad acting and unintentional humor .
0 even boman irani , who always manages to shine , goes completely ott as the villain .
0 i will never understand for the rest of my life how the heck this ever was green lighted to put on celluloid .
1 this movie has a good script , something you do n't see much of nowadays .
0 worst movie ever !
0 i was very disappointed with this rather tame offering from amicus .
0 i 've also noticed that every character on the show is mean to that stacy girl , who does nothing but act nice to them .
1 i give it 10/10
0 fairuza balk is photographed poorly , to boot .
1 if you 're a fan of dtv action fare and you want it tight and refreshingly done then this is your meal ticket .
0 i sat through almost 3 hours of this movie and could not get a single clue about what the whole movie about .
0 the entire movie is also shot in two rooms scantily decorated to vaguely resemble the places they are supposed to be .
1 every single one of my favourite critics loved it and it deserves a spot on the imdb top 250 right away .
0 there was one thing that was pretty amusing .
1 there 's almost a parallel that can be made not just to the singer and cosmo , but to cassavetes himself .
0 honestly , save yourself the bother and do n't bother hiring this film for your children , buying the dvd as a gift or watching it on tv .
1 the show takes place on the star base deep space 12 and on several space ships , which gives it opportunities the official shows do n't have .
1 the black guy is of course rough and tough , but has the sweetest heart underneath it all .
1 you just ca n't go wrong with busby berkley films and this certainly must be his best .
1 griffith never seems to leave terrible enough alone as she comes up with a new , in your face , slogan for almost every new scene and situation .
1 operation double 007 was released the same year as the more famous bond parody casino royale .
0 the plot is poor but interesting enough to keep you watching and so simple it is very easy to follow .
0 there are very few movies i want to walk out on , but this was one of them .
1 this is an adaptation of an edith wharton work , whose writing is amazing .
1 bruce 's bumbling reaction was so natural , believable and funny i already decided i was going to like the rest .
1 considering the kind of garbage being thrown our way these days , the education of charlie banks stands .
0 get the slightly better hammer horror blood from the mummy 's tomb .
1 could have been made by kubrick , and if it had been , everyone would be saying what an insightful view of humanity it is .
1 a true story teaching the lessons of intolerance and the horrors of the holocaust .
0 the usage of modern colloquialisms is one of the many irritating ways that the screenwriter butchers the book .
0 at first this film does not portray itself as suspenseful , but develops tension so calmly that by the time it is over , you 're left exhausted .
0 some of the front pages devoted to the supposedly terminally ill hazel flagg might have inspired all the drivel that was supposed to be a tribute to unfortunate di .
1 i believe this is full moon 's best movie thus far and one of jeffrey combs best performances .
0 the episodes are too busy , leaving little time for clever writing .
0 ugly girls , no action and a hokey horror sub-plot that will have you shaking your head violently .
0 transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense .
0 the girl just happens to be the daughter of an important general which makes gere 's chances of survival all the less .
0 otherwise , `` two '' is , at best , a mediocre adventure show .
1 this is a fine example of how good and convincing a movie can be even when the premise is utterly loopy , bordering on laughable .
0 maybe a good movie showing young people not to rush into anything , but be warned : the medicine is n't especially good tasting .
0 to explain this failure , we can say that alexandre is a balzac 's reader .
0 this was the worst attempt at a serious dramatic movie i have ever seen .
0 of course , from a personal , private perspective it 's different but from the point of view of a film there 's nothing in it .
0 the supporting cast either does n't care , does n't have any use for her or they simply want her gone .
1 he does great job as riddick .
1 they capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all 15 chapters of batman and robin combined .
1 this is a few weeks out of the two boys life , a time of much growing up to do , and a time of friendship without limits .
0 but this moment remains buried among predictable and even cliched action scenes piled one on top of another .
0 the acting is jarring at best , and jaw-droppingly appalling in some scenes , lending an even greater air of implausibility to an already shaky script .
0 if i did n't , i should ... beware , this movie has the worst helicopter crash i have ever seen in a movie .
0 the script looks like it was written in haste .
1 it 's a solid job of acting that makes this more than just a teen sex comedy .
1 although i do n't remember much about it , i must say that it was a pretty good show .
0 if they were good songs well -- but they suck .
0 it 's not so bad that it 's unwatchable , but it 's not good enough to be even remotely interesting .
1 there is a phenomenal amount going on here , and griffith does very well at maintaining the exhilarating pace throughout and keeping everything coherent and logical .
1 you will not be bored .
0 we see the action or follow the story from a detached perspective , and naturally , the viewer does n't become involved .
0 the special effects were decent and thankfully limited .
0 a pitiful excuse for a movie , and a pitiful attempt to associate hockey and skating .
0 no plot , no performance , no interest ; who was the genius that made this looser .
1 the beat my heart skipped is a captivating film that immediately draws you in .
1 in this revival , `` cop '' is a crown jewel , a wonderfully mysterious tale of man willing to risk and loose everything to find a killer .
0 arthur was just a parasite because he did not work , he only enjoyed himself drinking hard and having fun with prostitutes .
0 the actors , well , most of them looked good , and that 's a bonus for the film 's empty significance .
0 you 're simply better off not watching this little unknown tv movie thriller .
1 this is very unusual for the sci-fi genre - most ideas and plots are very well-known .
1 each race is unique , and works in different ways , but is perfectly balanced .
0 do n't waste your time with this one .
1 in fact when you think about it even though you may fall out of your seat laughing in any scene you are either laughing or smiling in this film .
1 if you are hungry for more after watching lonesome dove , this 'll fill yer belly .
0 the script is really bad written , like it was written by 5 - year old kid , who thinks that sleeping beauty is a horror story .
1 the production value is very good , might i add , and well shot and the acting is also believable .
0 the description was n't much , and the only stars it mentioned were portia de rossi and dean cain .
0 i found the film very boring , totally dull & had awful character 's with no on screen presence at all .
1 whenever she speaks of preparations for id , i felt how beautiful any festival is and its beauty lies in the people 's preparation .
1 i do believe it to be the best made series ever , all aspects are spot on , and the attention to detail is fantastic .
0 overall , extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told .
0 this show never , ever should 've even had the privilege of being made , no less having so much as eight awful episodes .
0 if nothing interesting is shown and you care about none of the characters , is a film well made because it looks like it costs a lot ?
0 the plot has possibilities , but any time any real tension gets going , we a get a not funny comedy routine .
1 the movie probably wo n't affect your lifestyle , ruining these beauties , but it will certainly remember you how precious our earth we live on truly is .
0 the only thing you can save is photography and moran 's acting .
1 a true fantasy adventure , a must see for all children and adults .
0 there was no growth pattern to be found in her either ; she was just a whining , disenchanted stereotype .
1 because there so artistically filmed , ang lee has a very big talent .
1 i personally feel this is the best of the three , i 'm unsure which comes next , but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness .
0 it was obvious , from the opening scene that he was the center focus , but it just did n't have the typical ed burns feel to it .
0 all that this film is , is a 45 minute rehash of the series and an first 15-20 minutes of end of evangelion .
0 it 's not overwritten , or awkward , or unbelievable , or bad in any other way that could be considered fun , even for bad-movie lovers .
1 emma thompson did a great job on the screenplay and is great as the nanny .
0 but in the 21st century , few people would really be willing to sit through this archaic mess .
1 my 8/10 score is mostly for the plot .
1 this is a movie called `` the mean season `` and stars one of the best action actors of today 's cinema .
1 i learned all the songs and i discovered john denver through this movie .
1 surreal , exceptional , and one of a kind !
0 a myriad of near misses and plot twists make the rest of this tale completely unbelievable .
1 despite the fact that it was n't a feature film , i still rank it over the majority of films of recent years as well .
0 it actually seems to enjoy wallowing in scenes of rape , torture and killing but has none of the gravity or seriousness to justify such themes .
1 this film addresses serious issues without being heavy-handed or pedantic .
0 half of it is a dream , and it really has zero purpose .
0 forget all the recent american horror films , although some are excellent they really are n't like this .
1 this sort of material is rather dry a lot of the time , but i reckon franco could have made more out of it .
1 this cartoon still have the power and i believe that will have forever - 10/10
0 but this film wo n't even let me suspend common sense , let alone reality .
0 the greatest example is the continuity mistake , where the day follows the night after a fraction of second , in the same sequence .
0 the only really great performances are turned in by dean kane , and brad dourif ( who is one of my very favorite character actors .
0 but i have to say that petrified has been added to my `` worst list . ''
1 it has all the elements of what i love to see in a sci-fi story , in a book or on the screen .
1 one was that the film strongly captured the affect that lestat had to the public , especially young girls .
0 that unfortunately included hitchcock himself , as can be seen from the way scenes trail off or start suddenly , completely lacking the master 's usual polish .
1 i 've seen some other david bradley 's movies , but this one , yet is the best in terms of action .
0 the only real value are the women on display .
1 the borg are involved , as they have played a massive part in this period of voyager .
1 he created an entire world on set , something that resembles vegas , but that i feel , extends a bit beyond that , someplace where love does exist .
1 sit back and relax with this one .
1 for anyone with a passing interest in cagney , or gangster films , or film-noir , or film violence , watch this film ! ! ! ! ! !
0 the only thing worth watching in this movie was katrina but we do n't need to watch a movie like this to see her !
1 a satire on the entertainment industry and also a heartbreaking character study of a marriage ravaged by the effects of alcohol and one partner 's growing dissatisfaction with life .
1 he only makes a movie once every couple of years so he should n't have disappointed everybody like that .
0 you will sit there hoping the movie gets better , but it does not .
0 characters are neither believable or worthy of your sympathy as they fire their guns at seemingly anything that moves .
0 i found it to have a total lack of story .
1 its a shame that this film is only available on a region 1 format as i believe there would be a demand for it especially in the uk .
1 the clues are genius , the locations are classic , and the plot is timeless .
1 it is one of my favorite disney channel original movies because it has a plot that you can follow .
0 do n't watch it !
1 steve buscemi , who plays seymour , has one of his most memorable performances , and thora birch and scarlett johansson are perfect fits for their roles .
0 there are better films on this subject of obsession .
1 i bought this dvd without any previous reference but the names of john huston , raquel welch , mae west and farrah fawcett on its cover .
1 an extremely dark and brooding show with an excellent cast .
0 you would think these movies would be some of the most gory and scary the horror genre had to offer , but usually it falls flat .
0 the sound is bad , the lighting is bad , ... it just seems cheaply made ; overly so .
0 the magic of the first two films simply was not present in this film .
1 the story begins from the year 1909 when celie is only 14 years old .
0 i nearly stopped watching this horrible movie several times while watching it .
1 kim novak , eternally gorgeous and talented , does not disappoint in the role of the devoted outsider , always there for frankie .
1 most people say that giallo a venezia is also technically flawed , but watching a better edition made recently on dvd of patrick made me reconsider this .
1 like alfred hitchcock 's `` psycho , '' `` pulp fiction '' is a great film .
1 it lifts your spirits with the plane and makes you proud to be an american .
1 the film is steeped in dark age pagan mysticism and offers an almost `` other worldly '' experience to the viewer .
0 there is no plot and the jokes are painfully unfunny and downright cringe-worthy .
1 meatballs is just a great movie .
0 i ca n't recommend this movie for anyone but it certainly has some comedy value !
0 like so many other b movies , the basic storyline was decent and the filmmakers seemed to have a reasonable level of resources , but the execution was ridiculous .
1 of course , most seem `` clichéd '' , but the show takes the cliché to a new level .
0 like all of hollywood 's remakes that i have seen so far , this one is just as unsatisfactory as all the others .
0 apart from being a terrible film with a bad script , bad acting and a bad storyline , this film had far too many errors .
0 the friendship that can evolve between characters who need each other is missed here completely .
0 with almost any other stock action hero , the subsequent bloodbath would be the same repetitive schlock we 've seen a million times before .
0 the production was horrendous as well as the story .
0 after this awful thing finally played out , i actually took the dvd out and smashed it with a hammer .
0 i have never seen a more blatant rip off of star wars and star trek in my whole life .
1 this movies has everything ; action , comedy , horror , romance , philosophy ... you name it .
0 i hated it , every single aspect & wretched moment of it .
1 it has a great story , interesting characters , and some of the best animation i 've seen .
1 those girls made a decision not to tell their parents that they had switched their plans and it changed their lives forever .
0 do not waste your time with this movie .
0 the majority of the movie centers around boring political intrigue , in the spy vs spy variety .
0 i ca n't even remember the dancing or the music because all i could think of was how bad this movie is .
1 it is a movie about the love of wine and the love of making it big , personal and global , character and formula .
1 slick pulp fiction dialogue ties scene to scene and refuses to stoop to trite .
0 there is n't a person in this film with a decent line .
1 personally i really liked this movie a lot and the violence never bothered me .
1 since this cartoon was made in the old days , felix talks using cartoon bubbles and the animation style is very crude when compared to today .
0 bailey keeps her dignity , and foxx 's sheer confusion is good for a couple of chuckles , but the rest of the performers are humiliated .
1 this is a story of a woman who inspires a man to his greatest achievement and , in so doing finds her own deepest fulfillment , emotionally and intellectually .
0 the only redeeming part of this movie was the sumptuous cinematography and settings used .
1 both teams played their hearts out and the fans showed more love for their respective teams than i 've ever seen .
0 this movie has neither a good story , or , as it seems , a good story teller .
0 plus cosmo 's stupidity causes pain to everyone else but he 's never punished for it , nor does he learn any lessons .
0 the movie started out alright , the concept was okay , but then it just began to get much much worse .
1 it is episodes like this one that really make cold case one of the most captivating and much-loved works of television magic on cbs .
0 but the film goes out of its way to avoid actual discussion of mathematics .
0 young , sexually active women in bikinis beware !
1 jim is at his best with a good story and supporting cast ; seems like real chemistry between him and hamilton .
0 if it 's thrillers you 're in the mood for , even cheap ones , i 'd recommend looking elsewhere .
1 loved the two families crossing paths in history .
1 many of the reviewers have made it a point to note that pinjar is unlike the run of the mill films produced in bollywood .
1 this movie should stand as a lasting testament to their talents .
0 there is more stock footage in this thing than any movie i know except `` jungle hell '' .
1 i wonder why no one brought this little gem up when we were all discussing saawariya like crazy a few months ago .
1 it is a wonderfully unpredictable 70 minutes .
1 there should be more movies like this ! !
1 further , agent smith made a wonderful bad guy , as he embodied all of the fear of authority that we carry with us .
1 the funniest show ever on tv , albeit the humor is not for everyone .
0 you have incompetent security guards and a ceo with a really funny accent .
0 so , one of the absolutely worst movies i 've ever seen .
1 each episode of barbara was laugh out loud , probably the best itv sitcom in recent times .
1 i wo n't spoil them for you , but they 're a nice touch .
0 wesley spends most of the movie looking like he 's drugged and regretting something - like signing up for this flick .
1 it is possible to keep up with what 's going on , but only because there 's so many other films that follow similar plots to this one .
0 i hope everyone had a good time making this mess , because the end result is not worth seeing .
0 ... or should i say unintentionally hilarious ?
1 it moves fast and never has a dull spot .
1 this is likely the most underrated great romance picture of all time !
0 having a script that worked might have helped , but this one seems to have been made up on the spot , working from cliffs notes .
1 the final battle scene still to this day gives me chills and the ending always leaves me in tears .
1 whomever chose to release the videotape in the pan & scan format must have never seen it .
0 this scene is possibly meant to be funny , but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film .
1 but the inimitable dietrich lends her own very special charms to the idea .
0 this feels as if it is a czech version of pearl harbor .
1 no other movie series can capture the same level of fun slapstick hijinks and goofiness of the ernest series , not even the police academy movies .
1 it is , in many ways , a `` feel-good horror film . ''
1 state of grace comes with high recommendations .
0 the pace is good but the there is no chemistry on screen , no seat jumping moments & totally unbelievable effects .
1 kat holds the key to many of the mysteries that unlock as the group remains near the cabin .
0 if they 'd tried to be believable , the film would 've been even worse .
0 i beg of you , please do n't buy or rent this abomination .
0 this film makes the classic mistake of believing goofiness is an adequate substitute for wit .
1 this film is a very funny satire on politics with warren beatty telling the truth .
0 what it does n't explain is how come , given every opportunity to make the great diva look good , their efforts only make streisand look bad .
0 do n't waste your time .
0 i have seen practically all of the movies on that list , and this one is by far the most disappointing one of those .
0 all these clumsy devices are like looking at plumbing ; functional ?
0 consequently , as a student of history , theology , mythology and film : i found the dialogue outrageous and the plot themes to be somewhat insulting .
1 it is a nice , moving , often funny , sometimes serious story both children and adults can well relate to .
1 after viewing this movie , lets say , around 8 times , the story line has never bored me .
1 man with the gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses .
0 do n't waste your time trying to convert your friends with this waste of an hour and a half .
1 taylor plays a very honorable character here or at least more honorable than most .
1 stubby kaye steals the show as nicely nicely johnson , who brings down the house with `` sit down you 're rocking the boat . ''
1 i have n't seen much german comedy , but if this film is anything to go by , i 'm compelled to see more !
0 20 years later , work like `` mulholland drive '' comes off as a 2.5 hour david lynch masturbation piece .
1 this should be required viewing for all high school students .
0 what i got going in with that expectation was one of the worst movies i have ever seen , bar none .
0 the movie starts off with potential and then horribly crashes .
0 but then we hit rock bottom right at the beginning with bad acting and a jumbled sequence of events .
1 this is a really excellent black and white film that curiously is n't really about being black or white !
0 penelope wilton 's accent is pure hampshire and she seems completely unaware that she is in south africa at all .
0 at least stick to doing commercials only ... ... ... that require no speech .
1 while i do n't know if this is true , it would certainly explain why the film is so entertaining .
0 forced , cloying , formulaic .
1 geraldine page is excellent in the role of the headmistress with a secret , and her descent into madness is subtly conveyed .
0 and all the other aspects of the film are also very amateurish and badly done , but what did you expect from low budget effort like this ?
0 not only the acting went downhill , the writing went first and it was visible .
1 but with outsourcing more and more indians can achieve a better life for themselves and this movies shows a glimpse of this .
0 there was no story , mostly in part to no development of the subjects .
0 despite the excellent cast and the potential of the story , this movie fails on many levels .
1 it 's honestly one of the best scary flicks i 've seen in years , and now ranks alongside session 9 as one of my all time faves .
0 but overall , the film is too quick , cheap and silly to be taken seriously .
1 the visuals , the characters , the mood and music all add up to a superlative entertaining experience .
1 for someone who is not familiar with the history of gay and lesbian cinema , this was an outstanding introduction to the subject .
1 john plays his role with suave sophistication and lionel is earthy & common in his portrayal , each obviously having a wonderful time trying to out act the other .
0 in fact the screenplay does n't make sense ; imagine a 60 min .
0 chuck norris shows off some pretty impressive kung fu moves in the bar fight , but this is about the only high point .
0 this movie was thoroughly disappointing , and i really think they should ... remake it basically ! ! !
1 though some scenes seems a little long at times , this film will be a heavy oscar contender .
1 great bit of humor after an exciting escape .
0 the film was slow , badly acted , and included some very graphic sex scenes of mr. nichols ' character with a very young woman .
0 apparently hollywood is just handing out money to anyone with a camera and the ability to speak .
1 a very underrated movie , judging by the unusually low score imdb members have given it .
1 a cute movie which deserves a good notch or so above the overall rating here .
0 we are older and have a lot of experience with sci-fi but this did not even make it into that category .
0 werewolves ... or something ... a very romeo and juliet type plot .
0 every character bland as living hell .
1 i highly recommend this movie to anyone , whether you are an action fan , an intellectual , or a feel-good hollywood movie buff .
1 i highly recommend this film , especially to young people , i promise this film is not out dated it is timeless and it 's lessons are as well !
0 the challenge is really in the cumbersome story set-up and in the simple fact that astaire and rogers play decidedly secondary characters in the story .
0 ... so , as a public service , i managed to sit through it .
0 a movie that 's not worth watching and should be avoided like the plague .
1 the tragic life and the somewhat perverse feelings of belonging that marco has is clear from the beginning of the film .
0 the movie itself was a lifeless piece of boring that refused to end and made me feel used as a human being when the end did finally come .
0 first off , the premise is not funny or engaging at all .
0 this movie is in overall very painful to watch .
1 the story takes place during august of 1963 , the final weeks of the last summer of innocence for the american people .
1 and aiello , in his minutes on screen , adds that perfect level of crushing realism needed for the period .
0 the fact of the matter is this : if you expect to learn much about tudor history , do n't turn to this historical travesty .
0 by the time anything that is supposed to pass for scary happened i was so bored i did n't care who lived or died .
0 it 's such a great build-up to an exciting adventure ... but once they end up taking the ship into space you might at as well turn it off .
0 everything also is n't told in the most arousing pace , which causes this movie at times to be a drag and far from interesting one .
1 excellent , realistic performances by veronica lake , paulette goddard , sonny tufts , walter abel , hugh ho chang , even george reeves .
1 with it 's virtuous mix of romance , comedy , action , adventure , fantasy and horror this is simply a great show that sucked me in .
0 it is as a result of this stunning lack of character - or relationship - development that the film 's climax fails miserably to tug at our hearts .
0 the production value is very high , and it has big-name stars doing the narration , but the subject is so repugnant that it is almost nauseating to watch .
1 he emotes so well , and has a great passion in his eyes .
1 a film we should all have in our dvd home collection .
0 i nearly walked out of this movie , and i like science-fiction !
1 even the layout is preserved where possible , so you 'll recognize various situations if you 've seen the film .
1 but johnson has succeeded in creating much more than a mere calling card .
1 `` dark city '' is a film rich in ideas , concepts , visual splendor , and atmosphere .
0 good dialog is good dialog in any era -- and the same goes for tripe .
0 yes , swinton gives a good performance , and yes the costumes are good , but that is just about all there is to this motion picture .
0 slow acting , slow at getting to the point and wooden characters that just should n't have been on there .
1 others have said that they preferred margaret rutherford and joan hickson , but they all have a place in each new generation of christie fans .
0 i feel embarrassed for dafoe , blanchett and the rest .
1 a seriously satisfying film , `` stage fright '' hits most of the right notes .
1 and wilder 's `` back problem cure '' scene is astounding ! ! ! ! !
1 again do n't be turned off by what you see when you search on google image , the show is very deep and well done .
0 the bad guys just ca n't act and olivier gruner is incapable of showing emotion but does kick a few good punches .
0 lacking the ability to create individuals , burns gives us an after-school special inspired by men are from mars , women are from venus .
1 the theme is built around street car racing and it is an excellent movie for people who are into that and movies like 'the fast and the furious ' .
1 as i said , we need more movies like this one that are so well made , and also tries to open people 's eyes .
0 that said , a terrible script does n't excuse acting as bad as this .
0 the acting was another really big part that kept the movie from being better than it was .
0 there is a word for this sort of film , and that word is `` drivel . ''
0 i do not recommend this film to anyone unless he/she can speak fluent spanish .
1 run , do n't walk , to pick this up and see the hilarity .
0 this useless movie could n't be saved even by those , but perhaps he can make watchable movies in the future by taking these steps .
1 lucas ' aggressive imagination is still very much apparent , and the film 's themes of loyalty , hope , and redemption resonate strongly .
0 i once read that `` seed '' was uwe boll 's interpretation of the nowadays popular horror trend of torture porn flicks , but that 's not even close .
0 but , still for any viewers around the world this movie could set the lowest limit of how a movie could be made .
1 but `` stage beauty '' is so much more .
0 there are also many mistakes in the movie , and it was bothersome to watch .
0 this is not only one of his worst but one of the most horrifying movies i 've ever seen .
1 the honesty , innocence , and integrity of the characters is the key to the poignancy of this romance .
0 this film is not in any way appealing to either sex .
0 this is an awful film as far as passive but discerning viewers are concerned .
0 the script is just a confusion of parts and after watching it again , bogart seems to be playing second fiddle to lee j. cobb .
1 they share a different kind of naivety and they both discover that they can learn much from the other one .
0 see this movie at your own risk ...
1 for anyone who wishes to get an impression of the soviet view of modern russian history this monumental film is a treasure .
1 i love the comic book style in the show , and the good old straight man , funny man formula that has been around for ever .
1 this documentary is a fantastic demonstration of the power of ordinary people to overcome injustice .
1 the acting is credible if nothing special -- kind of the way i feel about roger moore following sean connery for james bond .
1 despite being quite far removed from my expectations , i was thoroughly impressed by dog bite dog .
1 jakob the liar is not a great film , but it is worth watching .
1 the most powerful pokémon on earth .
1 my husband enjoyed it and he is n't into movies of this `` type '' .
0 wendigo is really bad .
0 the fights have an overly staged feel , with lots of cuts to different angles with blatantly different positions by those involved .
0 jon voight is so ridiculous in this movie that you have to wonder if the producers had kidnapped his wife and blackmailed him .
1 if you like jackie chan then this is a must see movie .
1 there is no romanticized `` noble savages '' or `` heroic explorers '' here , it is just people trying to survive in a tough world .
1 wherever we live , the information which reaches us is gathered by human beings , who are influenced day in and out .
1 a story of sorts but this is really much as you would expect from nunsploitation but with just a bit more style and variation than usual .
1 i hope to see more from this talented production team in the future .
1 but this old story gets boring , and this movie gives it a great new flavor !
1 election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting .
0 the plot was thin , the movie filled with obvious clichés , and certain parts of it just did n't make any sense .
0 the characters are terrible , the acting is terrible , the story , far from being quick , is a bore .
0 not only is there no clear rationale for this artistic choice , but it distracts one from an already unbelievable plot .
1 the violin became her child , her last creation , and her voice .
0 this is the worst movie i 've seen since `` the love guru '' !
0 i did not find it shocking nor disturbing as some other reviewers have - simply a little distasteful and pointless .
1 however , the standout is rosario dawson , whose performance here is an absolute revelation .
0 no plot , bad acting , unfunny scenes , and very very stupid dialogue .
1 the characters were people that you could feel for .
0 v : the final battle gets more unbelievably stupid as it goes on .
0 the director jordan barker , who looked really young introduced the film and gabrielle anwar was meant to be there but unfortunately she could n't make it .
0 i was disappointed in him , because he is a great actor who does n't belong in this movie .
1 the cast was top drawer , and their acting was as good as it gets .
0 historical and technical inaccuracies abound .
1 the theme song is also very exhilarating and catchy , so i 'll give an extra point for that as well .
0 the only thing that made this movie watchable was definitely the cinematography !
1 i watched it subtitled as it was in russian , but really enjoyed it .
0 i actually got my money back from hollywood video for this waste of 4 bucks .
1 all in all i highly regard this movie as it is so close to the truth unlike some movies which twist the truth so much .
0 i was so disappointed in this half-baked drivel that i could n't make it past the first hour , and man did i try !
1 it has just the right combination of innocence and absurdity to make it funny .
1 do n't miss this movie , set in '60s london .
1 before marks like the tv did n't have the right hit yet , which could capture the attention and the interests of the 2000s ' viewer .
1 throughout the show , some characters have left and new ones have come in , but it 's always been entertaining and improving .
1 the film is easily one of my favorites , it features incredibly beautiful scenery , a passionate story , and fantastic performances by all actors .
1 great family film .
0 selma blair is inert and the short haircut a crime .
0 with the first there was a feeling that this could possibly happen in real life , but this film is just too silly .
0 it is not successful on being scary either .
1 its a bold move to do it but it pays off since the plot and the performances hold your attention .
1 again , a great choice by the creative team that only heightens the viewing experience by not taking things too `` over the top '' .
0 watching adult men stomping through the woods in a line , chanting `` hey dwarfs ho ! ''
0 i actually felt embarrassed for the `` stars '' in this `` film '' .
1 but this film gives you much more - and you do n't want most of it .
1 the film is terrific from top to bottom , from director to script to the two lead actors , and the supporting players as well .
1 if you 're the kind of person who just has to see a train wreck to witness the carnage , then this movie is a gem .
0 there 's only one good thing about the doctor and the devils : timothy dalton 's performance of dr. rock .
0 also , the narrator inexplicably had a lisp for the first few lines of the crawl - then lost it .
1 however holden is an ideal human officer with integrity beneath his inflexible rules that discipline is fundamental in and around fort bravo ...
1 filmed in beautiful locations the director and scriptwriter should be awarded along with brilliant acting from pierce , woody and salma .
0 i fell asleep but i 'm sure that even if it was a good ending , it is n't worth the watch .
0 acting is awful .
0 i sincerely hope someone realizes what a mistake this movie was , and destroys all proof of its existence .
0 atrocious idea , hideous execution ...
1 it is a film made by horror fans for horror fans , a true labor of love by mr. zombie , despite some flaws .
1 the first act is set in 1955 and follows harry when he 's twelve years old .
1 this is by far the most fun i 've had at the movies in years !
1 as romantic as the animated film plot can possibly be .
1 this is my favorite movie of all time .
1 i enjoyed this movie so much that i watched it twice and that is something to say about a documentary .
0 my god how bad this is .
0 it 's a film with effects and plot so terrible , one might find the presentation enjoyable because of it 's many failings .
1 the characters are tragically real , the direction surprisingly adept , and the cinematography has a quality rarely found on a movie with such a low budget .
0 turn on pbs , judge judy , cartoons , discovery , history , or anything better than this show .
1 i 'm shocked that this story is n't more widely known or has been turned into a movie , but also thankful .
0 it all begins very promisingly with a family running into the woods to escape german bombs and encountering an almost savage seventeen year old youth .
0 at the end of the movie the girls do finally learn some cliché morals , but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie .
1 there is absolutely no movie with any better music that this movie , and that includes american graffiti .
0 fifteen minutes of plot that really did n't do much .
1 meanwhile , almasy 's memories continue to surface ; memories of a woman he loved , katherine clifton -- as well as memories of katherine 's husband , geoffrey .
0 i couldnt believe how well this kid did on screen , you will completely forget that they are actors and loose yourself in the movie .
1 but aside from that , it 's still a really good movie .
0 in the end i was utterly exhausted and very frustrated by the whole , movie .
0 the howling v is full of cheesy acting and has cheesy plot , if any , but there are some good scary moments .
0 the actors do not act .
0 too much action , not enough laughs .
1 i know many find that the sequels are disappointing and a real let down for the original film however i found this sequel fantastic !
0 i never so much as chuckled , perhaps because i was too busy struggling not to be put to sleep by the film .
1 this has got to be one of the best episodes of doctor who that i 've seen since it came back last year .
0 the plot and message are horrible .
1 the season finale sent mix messages , i felt feelings of joy , and also feelings of being lied to and deceived .
0 i only watched it to the end to see if it would get worse - and of course it did .
1 if you are a fan of zorro , indiana jones , or action in general this is a must-see .
0 and in the end where there is gon na be a showdown between mortensen and irons , it 's over before you even noticed what happened .
0 the most manipulated , contrived show you 're ever likely to see .
0 her character was given little substance .
0 however , the story shifts to a terrible and inconsistent rip-off of `` final destination '' , with a messy and ridiculous screenplay .
0 the worst part of the movie are all the animations .
0 the only good thing that i can say about this film is that it 's entertaining .
0 the film itself is clumsy and kristel 's body double is all too evident in certain scenes especially if you take careful note of the difference in their nipples .
0 this movie was very boring .
0 i really liked get shorty , but this movie was completely disappointing as a sequel .
1 nothing in the film exists outside of the possibilities of reality ; the simple omnipresent score confirms that by imagining in music the connection between heartbeat and dim light .
0 the story is as shallow and pretentious as this movie and these characters .
1 this film really works .
1 entertaining , funny , and cinematically beautiful , the film sends a small message that hits close to home .
1 the dialogue is intelligent and the characters have depth and you 're kept guessing up to the very end what is going on .
1 amu is definitely one of the best recent indian films .
1 ron is a complete commando filmmaker , taking adversity in stride .
1 but it was n't anything of much importance to the overall story , so i still give this movie a 9 .
0 it presents a suicidal main character and shows us a hospital full of overworked nurses and doctors that is run incompetently .
0 way , way too obvious - oh , `` liberals '' killing `` conservatives '' is hypocritical ?
0 now , i 'm no film critic , but i truly hated `` september 11 '' .
0 james franco spends half the movie with his eyes closed , hopefully trying to erase the whole experience and idea from his mind .
1 i recommend it for any fan of al adamson or if you like brains .
1 this is a quite good and interesting prequel to the japanese ringu series .
1 it is also shows a great irony in today 's society , where people will go to bed without knowing each other .
0 its not the painfully awful film that some reviews made it out to be , but it is a waste of time .
0 *1/2 from ****
1 i taped the replay the next day and exactly one week after watching it for the first time , i have seen it 7 times ! ! .
1 this magnificent piece of art is offering the audience such level of sophisticated material that only a niche group that i belong can appreciate .
1 i have seen most of tom berenger 's movies , and i feel that this may , perhaps , be his best effort .
1 writer/director michael davis has found his niche and let 's hope their will be more dark comedies that are as much fun to watch as this one .
0 the final scene features the team in a nonsensical drunken stupor ; this accurately sums up the movie .
0 the psychology of sara is so few developed and so typical that it does n't make her credible , nor endearing .
1 cuban blood is one of those sleeper films that has a lot to say about life in a very traditional way .
0 the acting is absolutely atrocious , the script is god-awful , and the photography is simply dreadful .
0 i can live with bad movies , but when it 's a bad sequel to a bad original , than apparently the makers choose not to learn .
1 what a gem of a movie , so good that they made a sequel .
0 but the funniest person in the entire movie was steve monroe as holden the guy with all the sexual problems .
1 jon voight is especially great .
1 and this was perhaps also the only time in which a child actor like cooper could become a personality in his own right .
1 even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932 , pacino does a great job playing as tony montana to get around .
0 some visuals not too shabby , if unspectacular .
1 i managed to catch it one night by accident and found it absolutely mesmerizing .
1 this is n't an `` inner city '' movie -- this is about all of us .
0 put these two `` actors '' in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad .
1 everything she did was risky but got the job done .
0 jump 8 years into the future when this `` sequel '' was made and we have nothing more than `` alien '' in an underground research facility .
1 while the mystery itself is rarely that terrific , because of the breezy writing and acting , the films really satisfy .
1 talk radio is an essential modern masterpiece , i am certain you will be surprised by just how great it really is .
0 anyways , horrible movie .
0 do n't waster your time on this horrible flick unless you are being paid large sums of money to watch it !
0 even when this movie was made , the cynic was the stereotypical hero , and the one stewart portrays really has few saving graces .
0 the terrorist , who has been exposed to the nasty concoction , hides in a hotel room where he slowly morphs into a flesh-eating zombie .
1 goldblum is enthusiastically likable as scientist seth brundle , and geena davis is just how geena davis seems to be in real life ... sweet .
0 the fight scenes are pathetic and the choreography is even worse than its predecessor .
0 a lot of facts in the movie are right on target , but this film should have been much better .
1 an excellent plot driven movie .
0 i am not even going to bother seeing anymore of this stuff .
0 overall , i ca n't recommend this film as the only reason for watching is that it was once banned !
1 it stems naturally from what we know about the characters , and it is therefore much more than just an arbitrary twist ending .
1 great laughs , great fun for everyone .
0 if you have n't read the book then you might enjoy this , else avoid at all costs , as with most films of king 's books .
0 it 's just another piece of mindless filler to take up time on their `` wonderful world of disney '' tv show .
0 thanks to newer higher quality animation from nickelodeon and others , hopefully we can forget this crap and realize that older is n't always better .
1 it is at times bizarre and outrageous but at the same time charming and curious .
0 the script is n't good although i 've seen worse b-movies .
1 you hear it , there 's so much to discover in this film i ca n't praise it enough !
0 the performers are talented people whose talents were wasted on this piece of garbage .
1 and once again critics dismissed the film as slight and pushed the film aside , at most praising heather graham 's screen presence , but rarely her acting ability .
0 3 ) how can a helicopter fly as fast an an f-16 ?
1 10 out of 10 .
0 the story went nowhere for me .
0 the director is so heavy handed at this , that the audience just does n't care , and is thoroughly bored by the same old routine .
0 is has no gore outside of some dripping blood and has a flash of breasts for less than second in a non sexual content .
1 to have so much of the book up on the screen was an extra bonus .
0 as a story it actually was somewhat interesting , but as a film and production it was lacking .
0 whether i consider directing , acting , cinematography , screenplay or score , it 's sorely lacking in quality .
1 i found this to be a very interesting , very sad , and very revealing look at a dysfunctional genius .
0 regardless of what you read , do not waste your time with this .
0 what 's worse is that poor kane hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf .
1 there are lots of supernatural elements , but it 's more of their response to these elements that ultimately make this film worth seeing .
0 yet another example of the complete waste of uk lottery money .
0 it never comes to fruition but it just seems to be omnipotent , but somewhere just beneath the proverbial rug .
0 i mean , he yells so much , he does these stupid hand movements that are as annoying as anything .
0 again , not usually my style or place to say , but in this case , i really hope steve minor is never allowed near a film set again .
1 while at times the film is a bit preachy and the acting can be a bit broad , it is a great film for two reasons .
1 with tim blake nelson 's picture , although you 're not physically there , the grey zone works as a tour through this place worse than hell .
0 if the character design is a stripper and you do n't want to get naked ... do n't accept the role !
0 craig stevens is bland , a face and style made for a tv series .
1 nobody has seemed to mention that this movie and the book it is based on are based in actual events that happened in nebraska .
0 dudikoff should be fired once and for all or killed by those movie terrorists ... 2/10
1 although this film was absolutely fantastic you can not say that you have seen it if you have n't seen the last scene .
0 they did n't hide his face ; they showed him with no sense of mystery or any enigmatic appearance .
0 only the fellow playing tiny the cook held any of my interest - and that really says just how bad this film is if you saw his performance !
0 years ago i saw the teresa russell version titled `` whore '' and i found it equally dry and disconnected .
0 even rail buffs will be turned off by this waste of celluloid .
0 this movie is awful ... it makes one blow chunks .
1 in & out , in my opinion , is a very hilarious movie .
0 while it is reassuring to see that the american president saves the day yet again , not even the casting crew stars can save this film .
0 if i had my personal choice i would give it a -10 stars on a 1-10 scale it stunk so bad .
0 if you think the drug issue is any more complex than that , then prepare to be disappointed by this movie .
0 the actors were up for it , but the script writers and director gave them nothing to work with .
1 when a movie makes me feel like that , i know it 's really good .
0 sorry boon , your legacy was tarnished with this flop .
1 i love this movie , personally if anyone says it sucked than i will say `` shame on you . ''
0 the bbc should find better things to waste our money on .
1 the characters are interesting and personable and not over the top , and there are some genuinely funny moments .
1 but without reservation i can heartily recommend this film to anyone ; one of the very best i have ever seen .
1 thankfully the young victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate ensemble of thespians both young and old that do a fantastic job of doing just that .
1 much of that behavior is obviously hyped for exploitation purposes , but the question of responsibility remains valid .
0 but what could have been interesting stays stupid , bad acted and without any reason .
0 the scenes with stapleton and her boxer , sophie , are truly upsetting .
1 the character played by ned beatty undergoes one of the greatest on screen transformations ever portrayed .
0 the few things that make sense are weak , this was a terrible movie .
1 the animation almost guides you ; when you do n't care about the characters , it tells you how to feel .
0 for someone who is informed it 's impossible to relate to the main character because of the exaggerated affects it portrays .
1 and it has repeat value as it requires multiple viewings to absorb its tail and enjoy it to the fullest .
0 the only premise this film has is four friends cheating their way through high school and the strain it puts on their friendship .
0 if you want something interesting , i recommend to rather watch static on tv and to avoid this film under all circumstances .
0 it is not clear where the fault for this silly and ultimately unneeded film lies .
1 but the makers , the actors , the crew , they all tried to make a good film and that counts for a lot .
1 a beautiful film about the coming of early silent cinema to china .
0 co-starring in 'no barking ' is another of jones 's best lesser-known players , claude cat .
1 great performances abound in this film , written very much to put forth lillian hellman 's liberal point of view .
0 i would highly recommend his other works to people , but certainly not this one .
0 in `` house of dracula '' you can see the factory like production values of 1945 taking their toll on an otherwise potentially scary movie .
1 it was so good , that , if i did n't have a short attention span , i would watch it back-to-back every day !
0 there 's a subplot about some cursed pearls that goes nowhere and only serves to confuse things even further .
1 this film has lots of good ingredients and a basic plot that holds promise , but the components are n't mixed according to the right recipe .
0 the psycho zombie dog was mildly amusing , but i 'm not sure it was supposed to be .
1 what makes it so hard is portrayed very well in this movie .
0 i am a big fan of director kathryn bigelow but i found this movie to be incredibly boring , slow , dull and a complete waste of time .
1 this has been added to the film preservation list and deservedly so .
0 the beautiful couple had chemistry that could have resembled x-files ' fox mulder and dana scully , but alas these two had very little to do here .
1 i love the whole plot to the movie , makes you really think what would have happened if cinderella never got her fairy tale prince and all .
0 the director should have made up her mind if it was going to be funny , tender or passionate - instead we got a muddle of all three .
0 in any event , 30 minutes in and i just could n't take it any more .
0 but it was n't enough to save this second-rate chips wannabe .
1 it shook the foundations of my belief in the justice system , in humanity , morality and myself . ''
1 this western is done in a different manner than most others .
1 no punches are pulled , so this flick is not for the squeamish .
1 i really enjoy watching this movie , i bought its dvd tuesday this week and i 've watched it for 4 times .
0 the ending is intended to be richly ironic , but falls absolutely flat .
1 he fights to get his club , the total experience , back from willie green by utilizing their kung fu abilities and their devotion to him .
0 on the minus side , the rest of the time it just hurts to watch it .
0 the film is in sepia tones , just like every other movie that takes place in the 20 's or 30 's .
1 whenever the world sinks into strife , arms and the man seems to soar as ever more timely and relevant .
0 this is the most nonsensical movie in the history of animation .
0 the film stumbles badly between exaggerated comedy and realistic drama , with neither being really engaging .
1 a deeply moving film sure to put tears in your eyes and a smile on your face ... unless of course ... you are a heartless soul .
1 go see this movie in the theater or at least rent it when it comes out !
1 so , if you 're looking for a nice , inspirational true life sports film , you ca n't wrong with this one .
0 this is the worst documentary to come out of canada ever ! ! ! !
0 but if you are thinking of renting this movie and you are not a die-hard lovecraft fan , save your money ... really .
1 times square was my favorite movie 20 years ago and i still love it today !
0 i gave this movie a 3 out of 10 rating , and that was because i could not give jc a rating of 1 .
1 it 's an honest and chilling account of an entire family 's battle with a terminal illness .
1 the tale of these two friends who have never met each other is both moving and disturbing , and the filming has so many layers to it .
0 it 's one of the worst movies i 've ever seen , and that 's something to say .
1 despite being a comedy at heart , the league of gentlemen often transcends genres whilst never appearing to be spoofing or ripping off other people 's material .
0 this film really was a wasted opportunity and by the end of it you really could n't care less .
0 the silence in between the elementary dialog was painful .
0 get drunk instead .
0 yet , in many ways i find this to be the worst of a very bad bunch of sequels .
1 dark , scary and oddly romantic , madeleine is superb .
0 me and my cold , black heart laughed because it was so very very excruciatingly stupid .
0 a horrible plot that moves incredibly slow , the movie drags on with no real horror to speak of .
0 apart from that , paul bettany can hardly act and the director is the perfect scorcese wanna-be .
0 much of the film 's budget must have gone on explosives , cars explode , buildings explode , everything explodes at some point ... .
0 the characters seem to insult and shout just only to provoke .
1 i definitely recommend this film to anyone .
0 the movie was clichéd , shallow and lacking in creativity , humor or cleverness .
0 this movie was of particular poor quality .
0 a really nasty piece of work who ruthlessly abandons wounded men and has a woman shot in the back - what a cad !
1 ultimately , this character leaves the forest a changed individual , and that change can manifest itself in both positive and negative respects .
1 i have seen this film at least 20 times and get the same pleasure from it each time .
1 mind twisting movie with a surprise ending that will more then just surprise .
0 the fight on the freeway looked quite fake , and not that interesting .
0 i agree haunted house movies generally need to rely on atmosphere and suspense instead of graphic gore , but `` next of kin '' has literally nothing .
1 the monkees , however , never drop out of character because those characters are also who they really are .
0 no money , no acting , no nothing .
0 my vote is one .
1 it seems to me as this season has progressed that george is getting more comfortable with the family sitcom dad role .
1 i honestly think this show would still be running if john ritter god rest his soul i wish he had n't passed away .
1 yes , the british accent takes a bit of listening to catch on to , worth the effort !
1 the lady from shanghai is really all about orson welles ' character , michael o'hara .
1 `` kramer vs. kramer '' has lots of drama with some wonderful bits of comedy thrown in for good measure .
0 films like `` 8mm '' or `` random hearts '' that either grossed me out or sent me to sleep will score low .
0 this movie does n't have any idea in it , actors and filming is just terrible .
1 what he is doing , what he is saying goes way beyond `` art '' .
1 they can even win oscars for it .
0 nothing about the writing in this show makes any sense .
0 this kid in the movie is not weird or even nerdy , he 's regular and boring .
0 all-in-all , a movie so dumb and pointless , it 's almost like self-parody !
1 anyone who does n't like or appreciate this movie - the joke 's on you , thug life with a north carolina jersey .
1 the only flaw of the movie is the some of the attempts at a thriller fall flat .
0 it 's the best segment in the whole film but this segment has nothing to do with paris .
0 *** now for spoilers *** now the sex scenes : how can that fat bloke pull so many babes ?
0 1/2* out of 4-
0 you feel that he bought an elementary level sociology text book and spewed out all 500 pages .
1 this movie is strongly recommended for lovers of the music and culture of turkey , the balkans , the eastern mediterranean , and the middle east .
0 the story is not going anywhere with its story and the movie is just basically one big mess , that never seems to end .
1 i imagine this will come close to , if not win , the audience favorite award !
1 in addition , sherlock holmes in washington benefits from having some above average supporting players and from having roy william neill in the director 's chair .
1 it 's a great story and i do n't understand why it is n't on video yet .
1 how significant would be the big film studios , this movie promote dignified man .
0 the storyline of this movie is cliché and obviously has been ripped off from jurassic park .
1 gundam wing is an amazing show from start to finish , every single episode is a joy to watch .
1 i 'll never get tired of watching this one .
0 i stuck it out to the end just to see how bad it would be .
1 8/10 stars .
0 i know relating to current `` goth '' music might have seemed like a good idea , but they did a horrific job incorporating it .
1 it 's a very recommendable and underrated 80s horror flick .
0 totally worthless .
0 take away this element , and you 're left with pure self indulgence .
0 this ensures that , whatever the singers may do , the production can have no musical merit whatsoever .
1 i think what struck me the most is the intelligence , sincerity , and genuineness these people resonate as they talk about how they reside within the music business .
0 here 's an example of how bad it is : there 's one scene where something green comes through the door .
0 this kind of schlock gives martial arts movies a bad name .
0 you have to get past the incredibly bad delivering of lines and terrible emoting .
1 a definite film of the macabre again proving that there was no one like geraldine page for these neurotic , vicious parts .
1 i have seen the film probably over 50 times but each time i laugh as if it were my first time viewing it .
1 the characters are perfectly drawn , and in the wrong hands because of their depth , they could have been unconvincing - but all the actors are simply astounding .
0 instead , they totally missed the point and strayed into a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and left-wing politics .
0 the only thing interesting about this movie is the box .
0 if batman needs think , he 'll use technology , then do some kung-fu .
0 described the one of the greatest leader 's life very uninteresting .
0 this is biggest piece of crap i 've ever watched on tv !
1 never realized that charles boyer , appeared with lauren bacall , in a film together and enjoyed their great acting together .
1 this was my very first glimpse of jackie chan on the big screen , too , as it was for many americans .
1 it is a tense game of cat and mouse , with the roles of hunter and hunted changing more than once .
0 this movie has absolutely nothing to do with the btk killer , other than the names of the victims and the killer .
0 rani mukherjee has awesome voice but her expression does n't match the dialog delivery .
0 gary lockwood plays the prick of a mayor very well i hated him .
1 i do it all the time myself .
0 he just came off as a douche .
0 i kept telling people i wanted to see it really badly ... as the title is my name .
1 after buying a cloak from a mysterious merchant , actor paul henderson finds himself turning into the very creature that he 's portrayed several times in his career .
1 this was my second viewing of this movie in a few years and was captivated by it 's realism again .
0 maybe it is comedy , but i just found it stupid .
0 the movie was fundamentalist christian propaganda .
1 though this is not the most thrilling ride star tours is fun .
0 farrah fawcett is probably the best part of this movie , everything else seems to fail miserably .
1 starring the physically intimidating mike mitchell , the film is a mix of great special effects , strong storytelling and well planned action .
0 even the guilt trip that becky had as a result of her parents dying the one night she goes out in how long , made no sense .
1 it is a feel good mid-life movie , a bit sappy and some scenes work less well than others , but all in all and good time .
0 i ca n't believe they actually spent money on this one ...
0 the songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically .
0 there is no way to describe how really , really , really bad this movie is .
0 it starts out promisingly enough only to spiral into absurdity and illogical plot solutions .
1 everyone should see this intensely moving film .
1 jason 's lyric is a truly great love story with a superb cast .
0 cheesy script , cheesy one-liners .
1 the film approaches it 's main plot theme in a unique way , and unfolds it gradually , though it can be guessed beforehand .
0 the story , characters and script are believable but the acting drops the ball .
1 it had tons of surprises , and it gave some more closure to the series .
1 it 's a pleasant way to spend an hour and a half or so , and is probably a really good date flic , too .
0 after viewing it , you will be able to walk out of every other bad movie ever saying `` at least it was n't the omega code . ''
1 a great look back at the exceedingly early 80 's .
0 some of the actors seem to be playing their parts in a trance , as if hypnotized before shooting , like the cast of herzog 's heart of glass .
0 the difference between memorable and awful has more to do with talent and ambition than money .
0 this film was written bad , the actors did a bad job , the story was ... well how can i put this ... lame ! !
0 first of all he looks nothing like him .
1 it 's rare to follow a group so closely for so long .
1 mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as i have come to conceive her , no pun intended , in what i consider to be an oscar-worthy performance .
1 i hope to see more films like this in the future .
1 i did n't expect a lot from it but it was the best film i 'd seen out of the last 10 i 've watched .
0 after watching this movie , i have nothing but contempt for any of those who were involved in the making of this abysmal film .
1 i have seen the movie for the first time back in 1995 .
0 because this could have been a great twisted fairy tale nightmare , but it 's a nightmare for all the wrong reasons !
1 overall a good movie worth a watch .
1 this story kind of goes around the mulberry mush , but it 's fun to be along for the ride .
1 overall , the movie does a nice job of mixing the trials of life with the joys of love .
0 this movie is so slow and pointless it was painful .
0 if dr emerson has any deep religious convictions , these are never expressed in the film .
1 dinosaur is a truly special film , and i think it just might end up changing filmmaking in the manner as star wars did in 1977 .
0 then again , one could always derive some entertainment out of it for the unintentional humor .
0 avoid it like the plague if you want horror .
0 true , there are many movies much worse then this movie .
0 the stuff with april 's family is just painful to watch and rings false from the first second to the last .
0 however , only watch this movie if you 're a big fan of the 80 's slasher flicks .
1 in conclusion , this movie rules , and i 'm ashamed that the critics millions of americans put their trust in have condemned screwed .
1 the rest of the film builds quite well up to this , as you are slowly shown the depths of the mother 's obsession with only son .
1 i really do n't have any complaints about dracula iii : legacy .
1 as a bonus , you even get eric idle performing the song with wrote for nilsson 's final album during the closing credits .
0 this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .
0 do not watch or buy this movie ! ! ! !
1 i 'm sure you 'll agree , if you give it the chance it deserves , although it may require for you to see it more than once .
1 the story unfolds in nice volumes while you do n't even notice it happening .
1 the theme tune was great too , i get goosebumps whenever i hear it .
0 the plot is n't too bad to begin with , but then it is neither explained nor developed ...
0 also williams ' and princes ' characters treat women in a horrible manner constantly .
0 gordon hill was a tolerable protagonist .
0 it 's probably some of the most tiring writing i 've ever heard in a movie of any genre .
0 basically , cm shows up , kills someone , frames our `` heroine '' and disappears until the next time .
1 it has a lot of original footage , including color footage and many eye witnesses .
1 for something filmed years ago and seen today it is not the best , but for something of its time period it is a good film .
1 as a guy it takes a lot to hold my interest when it comes to romantic movies and this one did .
0 the timing in every scene is painful , and the entire production has a middle school feeling to it .
1 later i found the real prestigious fellow came flying in and is escorted to the un with the greatest over-the-top protection that new york city could possibly muster .
1 smartly produced , it 's a well-written story that is reminiscent of american teen films from the 80 's .
0 the movie 's name is `` rapid exchange '' , but the exchange is far from rapid - it 's overlong and bloated to extremes .
1 kids of today will love it and the morals are beyond the best .
0 this is so stupid , without the least bit of logic , i can only warn you watching it , it 's a total waste of time , honestly !
1 silly movie is really , really funny .
0 worse yet , the main protagonists are so uniformly cardboard , irritating , and underdeveloped that one simply does n't care whether they live or die .
1 richard brooks ' adaptation of truman capote 's non-fiction novel is truly an artistic achievement .
0 `` the visitor '' is an unbearably pretentious film , ridiculously plotted and remarkably boring considering the overload of story elements .
1 iron maiden are the absolute best when it comes to performing live , and this dvd proves it .
1 if you liked either of those movies , you will enjoy this movie for its intelligent entertainment .
1 as i said in the beginning , the is a wonderful film , and one of fred carpenters best movies .
0 if people start killing as a form of revenge , the makers of this film should be held responsible .
0 only hardcore tremors fans will be able to sit through , much less enjoy this film .
1 the real antwone deserves success .
1 themes were pulled from various sources ; a few being the ninth gate , in the mouth of madness , and the ring .
1 highly recommended ; if you 've suffered a meaningful personal loss , such as the death of a parent , i would even call this film necessary viewing .
1 the loss is to those who will never have a real opportunity to view this memorable laugh filled cinematic masterpiece .
1 everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there .
0 the direction is just plain bad with overly long cut scenes and poor angles that do no justice to the forced story line .
1 do n't miss this if you get the opportunity - a gem worth watching .
1 this depiction is in turn used as the decor for a most thoughtful and suspenseful drama backed up by powerful dialogs .
1 the story is universal in that it 's a battle between good , evil and the world between .
0 rather predictable throughout , this has its moments of action and pitt and lewis portray their roles well , but i 'd not bother to see it again .
1 it 's getting to know these icons and their stories that gives the film its warmth .
1 i give it my full recommendation .
0 there 's no scares , there 's no atmosphere & it lacks any tension .
0 then , out of nowhere , this `` peaceful '' race decides they have to destroy the planet because it causes too many `` diseases '' .
0 very poor acting , outrageous special effects , and a plot equal to zero .
1 but the music should fit the movie , not just be eerie all the time , even when the `` eerie '' moment is long gone .
1 i saw it for the first time over the week and i have been watching it over and over again .
0 he has a few good dialogues to render but that alone can not make you enjoy a flick with huge expectations .
0 he should have been fascinating , but he was n't in this movie .
1 and now he does it all over again with `` agents secrets '' , a sharp , always surprising look at the world of spies .
1 in addition to being my absolute favorite cd last year , 1 giant leap is an extraordinary cinematic achievement .
0 this cartoon was too confusing for children , and also not recommended for them either .
0 after he was converted i stopped caring .
1 in this movie you can see two of the most brilliant actors , irene dunne and cary grant , who are both the queen and king of comedy .
0 rating 1 of 10 .
0 there 's little suspense here , mainly because the men fill out the casting stereotypes we 've come to expect from them .
1 absolutely one of the most memorable movies from my teens , only eclipsed by the star wars movies , tron and alien ... ..
0 the only lively scene is where jacqueline fontaine sings 'love and learn ' with bing .
0 the movie is badly directed though a good story and vivek oberoi can not act .
1 not at all the exploitation / drive-in schlock picture one might expect from the title , it 's a rewarding movie experience that i can recommend without qualms .
0 also jumping scenes from the movie to the game was really annoying , it makes you wonder if they were just making up for lose time .
0 a 2 out of 10 for a valiant , hopeless effort .
1 it 's not disturbing in the slightest however , and whilst the subject matter is nasty , the way it 's done is just funny .
0 the awful story is boring and uninspired .
1 as much as i love the fake scenery and controlled environment of old movies , the big trail manages to feel real above all else .
0 a real shame so many big stars made this , i suppose the money was good .
0 oh no my friends , horrible script , and the most over the top acting i 've seen to date and michael ironside was n't even in it .
0 this person needs to get back into the business - perhaps directing ?
1 `` the squid and the whale '' is a funny , beautiful , and painful experience ... do n't miss it .
1 the acting is superb , the story is compelling , and i am embarrassed to say that i did not appreciate actor bryan brown 's talent until now .
0 it is sort of interesting , however , parts of some of the attacks are done the same way , so there 's no logic to it .
0 so the town picks on this one kid calling him scarecrow , even his mom does n't care about him .
0 jim jarmusch has made decent , worthy films before but this ai n't one of em .
1 it 's certainly a lot closer to the truth than `` brotherhood of the wolf '' was , anyway .
0 overall , this movie is a very poor interpretation of the book , and fails at the attempt to be an action movie / thriller .
1 i was dissapointed with corey yuen past few movies but he is in his element here .
1 swimming pool is a first rate film from french genius françois ozon .
1 the last thing i can promise is that you will dig the show .
1 he is a total joy in this film as he was in tell it to the marines and west point , where he repeats the formula .
1 this demanding role , which is pivotal to the film 's success , is brilliantly played by the beautiful leslie kendall .
1 it is filled with great characters and ben and nikki are both gorgeous so anyone can stare at something appealing .
1 all in all , a great movie for everyone !
0 i ca n't believe that anyone could have accidentally made such a bad movie .
0 the build up is great , however as the movie comes to a close and the viewer realizes the final outcome , one can not help but feel cheated .
0 i give this movie a one , for it is truly an awful movie .
0 the movie has it being vivian 's fault and her entire family was killed due to it .
1 i 've never been much of a heath ledger fan , having only seen him in teen type movies , however he is quite compelling in this role .
1 this film is clearly a 10/10 for it 's cast , it 's director , it 's screenplay and from it 's original plot line .
1 the highlight of the movie is the funny moments of the movie , and it is filled with them .
1 at times , i found it inappropriate for the subject , but perhaps that is also the message : we can laugh despite the hardships .
0 american gothic is consistently awful as a horror film , but is nonetheless an entertaining picture , thanks to an almost constant supply of unintentional humor .
1 not all the time , but it makes a change .
0 in a no-budget way , it reminded me of star wars episodes i and ii for the sheer impression that you are watching a total creative train wreck .
1 you could n't have a movie inspired by bollywood if there were n't any musical numbers and this movie does not disappoint with seven of them .
1 without giving the ending away , i felt like jensen was coloring in the lines .
1 zhang yimou directs this film about a forbidden love that is kept secret for fear of public retaliation .
1 while many films are overlong this one i could have watched much more of .
1 bob steele is totally convincing as the repellent young husband of betty field , whose manic jealousy and general paranoia rise steadily to a crescendo of intensity .
0 not particularly enjoyable as a thriller , certainly not scary and why the dvd still carries an 18 certificate in the uk heaven only knows .
1 the story of the kelly gang symbolizes both the birth of the australian film industry and the emergence of an australian identity .
1 this film has a lot going for it .
1 dick tracy has true staying power as something that both adults and children can enjoy .
0 this is just a total no-no .
0 not recommended .
0 the film : if there is any way at all to shoot car chases imaginatively , this crew did n't find it .
0 then you also should avoid this one , because it 's so utterly bad that it 's not even funny .
0 necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic `` moby dick '' .
1 it 's a film about revolution but it does not neglect the hidden problems in all of us regarding this .
0 worse than seeing sitcom reruns .
0 it destroys any momentum and investment in the lead character set up during the otherwise exceptionally well-done first act .
0 but the treatment of their characters is so degrading and the sex scenes so casual and joyless , that i could n't enjoy even this aspect of the movie .
1 certainly will leave the audience wanting to know more , and there is truly a lot more historically to find out !
1 and now i 've finally seen it i am not disappointed .
0 he ca n't even do a french accent .
0 one viewing was enough to tell me i lacked the patience to sit through another attempt to clear up some minor confusion .
1 by far one of the best to hit american shores .
1 but pesci carries the film .
1 the only complaint about this game is that it 's so short and can be completed in less than three hours .
1 good cast , too , with patric bergin being perfectly enigmatic in the first half , perfectly imposing in the second .
1 i would like to add this movie to my collection .
1 subtle , delicate , touching .
0 the lack of acting makes me think they should mark it as an early docudrama .
0 diaries loses itself in an insular and uninteresting world -- what 's going on in the cities ?
1 i just hope that it can come out soon on dvd so that i can watch it again as i am really desperate to do so .
0 my vote is three .
1 harrelson and lewis capture the essence of mickey and mallory expertly .
1 they may be misguided but they are graced with moments of humanity , awkward though they may be .
1 i will certainly buy this movie and add it to my collection with tommy boy and black sheep .
1 he could have easily played it as a robin to elliott 's batman , but instead he breathed a genuineness and passion into this role .
0 sweet november is a dud , the title song is awful and the remake is a terrible reworking of a bad idea .
0 where did this guy get the big idea that btk killed people with rodents and all the other preposterous crap that 's in the movie ?
0 however , even dean 's decent acting skills could n't save the horrible writing , character development , and plot .
0 although she was attached to strings doing action scenes , her lack of talent for physical motion simply ruins the action sequences in the film .
0 but what he 's come up with is a film so disjointed and improbable that it looks just like a very long sketch on saturday night live .
0 probably the one really funny gag is catherine o'hara 's plastic surgery .
0 this is one of the worst action films i have ever seen .
1 exceptional movie ... one of joan 's best .
0 it boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny .
1 while this documentary lost its focus toward the end , i found it insightful , touching , and often funny .
1 the hardships this clan has to go through can be hard to watch sometimes , but the story is involving and the film is quite memorable .
1 this was gabby hayes 's farewell feature film part .
1 this terrifying film was considered appropriate for children in the 1970s .
0 i tried , i really tried to watch it till walken would appear , but i just could n't .
1 the story of these two young people , and how they eventually come together in the end is charming to watch , and pure magical entertainment .
0 when a bogart lookalike -- asking a question about a falcon -- is the best joke , what follows is anemic indeed .
0 its dealing with the staff and faculty of the school are just long , pointless talk scenes that do n't really go nowhere .
1 here 's another person strongly urging the release of this obscure gem on dvd , perhaps now , while it 's still winter !
1 i enjoyed every bit of this movie ... and that 's pretty rare !
0 speaking of amateurs the entire cast and crew combined have less talent than a shoe .
0 this could have been an intelligent and moving film about a man who finds his missing son after 10 years adopted by a native tribe in the amazon .
1 a tribute to women -- and women rate it much higher than men , as the imdb voting demographics show .
0 basically , not much could save this little ill fated dub , which is very unfortunate considering its potential .
0 do n't waste your time or money on this film you will be sorely disappointed .
1 sea of love is just one of those movies that kept me in great suspense and excitement i really felt surprised in the end when the killer was revealed .
1 the conclusion is left open to interpretation -- but you 'll have to watch the film quite carefully to have the data you need to make your own interpretation !
0 almost every scene is captured in a static camera frame , as if these are photographs being brought to life .
1 this film 's only criticism from the students was that there was too much smoking in this film .
0 i appreciated the change of pace from other formulaic sports movies , but -- i 'm sorry -- this was just plain awful .
1 ellen degeneres plays a role that is much more complex than simply being the comic relief .
0 the special effects were par for the course in a b movie such as this one .
0 it is n't obscure because it was controversial , it 's obscure because it 's dreadful .
0 it 's a really bad film that you have to stay away from .
0 nothing happens , it just keeps building up and building up to absolutely nothing and leaves you wondering why you just sat there for 91 minutes ?
1 bottom line , its a good entertaining flick and i recommend anyone who 's a batman fan to watch it .
0 script : scenes are entirely too long with moments that drag on and on and on and on .
1 i 've always enjoyed liev schreiber the `` actor '' , but now one must appreciate the man on a multi-dimensional level .
0 set in eastern europe , this movie about a group of young people trapped in a demonic , bloodthirsty train is an utter disappointment .
1 you have to see it .
0 i must say it is the single worst disney presentation i 've ever seen .
1 they made it so good until i ca n't stop watching this all over again .
0 an amazingly low budget film , the fact that the guy from hellboy was in it was the only thing that kept me from reaching the remote .
1 doug , well he is just so lovable , and funny , the three characters , plus all the friends just make the show complete .
1 long story short , watch it .
1 whenever she is on screen it lights up , her dialogue is delivered to perfection and her comic timing is immaculate .
0 saying that i hated this film is giving it too much credit , i did n't care enough about any of the characters to warrant that strong an emotion .
0 the setting was extremely one dimensional and the props made a mess of scenery .
0 no one acts human , and everyone acts stupid and ridiculous .
1 i 've seen this movie several times , but it 's still amazing !
0 you could say that the actors will make a movie , but this clearly proves that statement wrong .
0 i sat through the abomination that was tomb raider 2 .
1 the acting was amazingly realistic -- particularly from jean-louis trintignant in the lead .
1 the origins of humanity start are becoming clearer , but it just needs a few more ingredients .
0 if this was supposed to capture the fun and repartee of the 30s comedies , it failed miserably for me .
0 ... but it definitely still only deserves 4/10 stars and no more .
0 the best part of the movie , if there is one is definitely the credits because the painful experience was finally finished .
0 the whole plot twist at the end just created a whole list of unsolved questions and left me going wtf .
0 let 's list the plot holes : 1 .
1 i 'll find it eventually , though i 'd like to avoid buy all three seasons separately to do it .
0 thankfully , this awful movie did n't wound me as a child .
1 screams is dated by now im sure but still good fun compared to a lot of other bigger budget movies .
1 airwolf is one of the most enjoyable series from the 80 's .
0 that 's about all the story there is ; the rest is over-the-top lampooning of australian culture and strangely choreographed action sequences .
1 certainly a lot of fun to have , a a bit to think about , if one cares to .
1 it deals with an important problem in any society : sex addiction .
1 overall , well worth seeing especially given the issues covered but do n't expect oscar material .
0 nothing about the film works , not even slightly .
0 the bottom line is if you love lady death do not watch this movie .
0 for an action picture , it sometimes talks too much , and it lacks what you would call action .
0 adele , who is solidly portrayed by susan sarandon , did not come off as a very likable character .
1 this is n't the most fabulous film you 'll ever see , but it 's a fun one .
1 i will not name them , in the hopes that the reader will not notice them and therefore , not be disappointed .
0 i 'd say , avoid .
0 jordan is especially smarmy here as a cowardly would-be gunslinger .
0 silent scream starts with one of the most annoying opening sequences i 've seen in a while .
0 as a flying and war movie buff , this ranks at he bottom of my list .
1 this is a great bunch of actors , giving the show a feel of character .
0 hard to stay focused because it is not interesting at all .
0 the actors in 1873 were shockingly bad , and that strand of the movie looked like a bad made for t.v movie .
0 wow ... this has got to be the dumbest movie i 've ever seen .
0 the whole story appeared to be driven by how much money they could make on product placement - awful .
0 since what is left about the twin connection makes no sense and goes nowhere , you wonder why it was n't also cut to reduce the boredom factor .
0 it starts with really horrible filming where i can not see a thing and then she puts a plant on the table .
1 kenneth plays the role of hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears .
0 this movie would had worked much better if this was the first critters movie , this is a low-budget movie with only two critters shown on-screen .
0 i do n't know why gibson 's work does not translate well to the screen , but this is another example of a bad medium translation .
1 it shocks also , with scenes of war and shows how we are just pawns in a big game .
0 horrible 3d surround sound with people shouting behind your back .
0 the only reason i gave it a 2 and not less is that aishwarya rai looks stunning .
0 not being a fan of the genre i could n't place jeff wincott , and had no leads to search from .
1 i 'd recommend this film to anyone who thinks that dario argento owns the giallo genre .
1 when his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later , the man could mostly do no wrong .
0 bad editing , no style , no acting ... just terrible .
0 sure , it 's clear that this was very low-budget stuff , yet all that i found egregiously cheesy about it were the visual effects .
1 `` ring 0 : birthday '' maintains the mystery and ambiguity of the first two films and once again , imagination is a required element from the viewer .
0 i did n't listen and i did waste my time and cash .
1 for fans of angela lansbury and dianne wiest , this is a must-see .
0 final thoughts : the people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves .
1 when billy is shot in vietnam , he is unable to fend for himself , so scott takes him in .
1 i am a great fan of mr. ford and his acting in the movie is spectacular !
1 in the vhs copy i have , martin scorsese does a brief prologue and says this was a film that influenced him and he calls it a noir western .
1 plenty of inside jokes from past tenacious d albums , and hbo shows .
0 i have never , ever asked for my money back for a movie until i saw this ... thing .
0 the acting is dreadful - doubtless the cast would blame the script but really they are equally at fault .
0 the whole plot is extremely forced - especially the `` gallant '' effort to save the college from ruin , and the moralistic overtone grates a bit .
0 my review does n't do this film justice , because i ca n't describe how utterly horrid the time i spent watching this was .
0 damn this movie sucked , never in my lifetime have i been so angry and disappointed after wasting my time watching this piece of junk !
0 second , amanda bynes always looks like her eyes are crossed -- even when she 's not trying to do it .
1 but this one is the best of all !
0 not her fault , she is only in the first few minutes where she is obviously being the person to pull you in to watch this bad movie .
1 not only is the absence of sound effects in space realistic , it is used cleverly as a tool to establish mood , and it works flawlessly .
0 the result is very chatty and abrasive .
1 i agree with many of the other commentaries on this page that this is a very hard film to rate .
1 the attention to detail of the period , the vehicles , costumes , locations , and interiors just take your breath away .
1 the actors who played tristan 's friends were excellent and of course allen payne was outstanding as always .
0 also , helena bonham-carter did not convince me as ophelia .
1 now , i could keep talking about this for hours and still i would have to say more .
1 this is the best film version of dicken 's classic tale .
0 he is a totally unlikeable victorian pompous ass who happens to have no sense of humor who likes to collect things .
0 then he gets extremely sidetracked by a girl who resembles his mother , which frustratingly leads the story away from the mystery element .
0 the story itself is implausible , silly and clichéd .
1 everyone has something to lose in terms of status and that makes for a good drama as their objectives are in conflict with each other .
1 the movie allows holmes to use his intellect to solve the case .
1 this is a a very underrated film with many qualities .
0 filmed in manitoba in canada the film looks ok but is bland & forgettable .
1 the movie shows the struggles between those two characters ; they both beat each other like angry dogs .
1 i am eager to hear more , to listen to his words , and be intrigued by how his thoughts are still relevant in today 's society .
0 the `` humor '' , if you would call it that , is stupid even for a cheesy 80 's movie .
0 horrible
0 the film ends with a ridiculous twist , which makes one wonder whether bava was having a bit of a laugh at the audience 's expense .
0 this movie is a bad ripoff of `` the long trailer '' and was a really sad attempt at humor .
1 i ca n't figure it out ... all in all a beautiful sunny movie which lifts the belgian cinema up .
0 i even asked the theater for my money back and they gave me a free pass for another movie .
0 it is extremely misleading .
0 if you do n't like jackass , or really unnecessary amounts of male nudity then stay far , far away .
0 this film is more or less waste of time to watch .
0 eye candy : kelly lynch offers t & a my grade : d-
0 it simply will not fly .
1 any slow parts for you in this film will be made up for in the end .
1 my only other criticism is that the digital video is just ugly at times .
0 what a waste of carrie ann moss !
1 this movie again manages to depict european police as lazy and corrupt , the societies as vulnerable and helpless .
1 10 out of 10 .
1 it also had the most heart-felt , feel-good , surprise endings in all of reality tv .
0 it was even more distracting in this film because , in the english version anyway , the woman mumbles constantly .
1 police story is one of jackie chan 's classic films that helped shape the hong kong cinema .
0 kosugi himself went on to a semblance of super stardom literally overnight - this despite the fact that he was actually playing the films main villain !
0 tasteless , unfunny , painful to watch .
1 it 's one of the best films i 've seen so far this year .
1 if you like clever humor that is n't afraid to push the limits of good taste , then i highly recommend this .
1 a well deserved round of applause for both those in front of the scenes and behind .
0 last but not least , this just is n't funny , no matter how hard goldberg tries , this grim comedy falls flat in every possible area .
0 its all disappointing because the movie looked liked it had potential .
0 the first 4 episodes of season 6 are just to throw up , to predictable and the worst scenario i 've seen .
0 but , the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute satan look-alike as well , no questions asked .
0 there is no musical score , no sound but running water from the bath .
1 the driller killer is an indispensable addition to the collection of anyone interested in 1970s horror , the work of abel ferrara , or off-the-wall cinema .
0 so once again if you want to laugh at the bad acting , weak plot , horrible makeup , and cheesy effects then by all means watch this movie .
1 virginia madsen as the mother does a great job ... so good that i 'm going to start watching for her movies .
0 and of course he 's russian , what else ... his sidekick is even worse .
1 i hope that it will become available for purchase in the near future .
0 the action is not linked and the characters just exist with no purpose .
0 do n't waste your money ! ! !
0 the scene with the nerd telling the hooker to `` eat his sausage '' goes on forever , not one second of it is funny .
0 if you are not a super fan of really bad bloody slasher movies , than do n't see this movie .
1 it has one slightly sick scene in it but apart from that this is a great movie .
1 besides better cinematography , this film was almost perfect .
0 story is not that good , and i do not understand .
1 it wonderfully recreated 1954 and was filled with many touching and funny moments .
0 so how can you salvage anything with this sort of sick characters ?
1 strange , too , since netflix shows that it was rated r. nonetheless , very titillating , and i wish alicia silverstone made more movies like this .
1 check them both out .
0 it is hard to believe how a talent like jack nicholson could direct such an awful movie .
0 avoid like the plague .
1 warm , funny , ironic and profound , yet a wee bit little creepy , it will haunt your memories .
0 only matthew settle brings any minimal charm to his character , but he does have a lot of the script 's worst lines .
0 it 's a sign of lousy writing -- and this film manages to take a very good idea and ruin it .
1 `` my favorite year '' is a very funny and charming piece of nostalgia that wears just a little bit too much of its sincerity on its sleeve .
1 this movie is a in depth look at what society face today in this world of selling drugs and making a living off of it .
0 ghoulies iv is crap , there 's nothing else to say really .
0 i understand that this was an exercise in exploitation but it just seemed to lack any real sense of cohesion whatsoever .
1 the story is good but the dancing is awesome .
1 grant and loy are at their best as two grownups falling in love , but trying to deny it because of susan .
0 the most annoying thing about this film is that it tortures you with obvious religious symbols and gestures until even the dumbest viewer will notice it .
0 it , at all , you have seen when harry met sally , then avoid this one .
0 i found the movie insulting to the original series .
1 `` grave of the fireflies '' is , quite possibly , the best animated feature of our time .
1 this movie is beautiful in all ways .
0 creepy not scary !
0 it 's just bad acting , bad choices .
1 winchester 73 gets credit from many critics for bringing back the western after wwii .
0 i could see why little children mite enjoy this movie as it is largely about a toy bear , but otherwise i advise you not to !
0 i promise you , the less said about this abortion , the better ; it practically defines the word `` fodder . ''
1 salman has been ruling hindi cinema for many years now , and it is worth remembering that his first leading role was also as prem .
0 there 's not a single performance that is even passable .
0 this is probably a really exciting , well made thriller ... but it is n't at all ! !
1 stands as a masterpiece which pushed on the envelope of cinematic potential .
0 how people can be so taken in by this crap these days is beyond me .
1 it is n't a masterpiece , but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like the princess bride has .
0 the theater was dead with silence 'cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash .
0 that is the only redeeming quality of this strange movie with an odd , confusing story featuring odd confusing characters .
0 the plot was shallow , the soundtrack sucked , the movie had no purpose whatsoever .
0 most of the other actors just seem to walk around in this movie , just to be in the movie .
0 sorry , this film does not do for me , there is no art behind this socially motivated short story .
0 i am a fan of slasher movies , especially of scream 1-3 , but this one is just one killing after another .
0 look at sarah m. g. , she is real , mean , cruel girl , look at amy adams she is just little fool hanging around .
0 the rankin/bass animation company had a hand in this mess .
0 furthermore , if your a denise richards ' fan , do n't even think of renting this movie .
1 it mocks all the stereotypes and in a delicious way .
1 hagar was not any more likable on film than in the book , but ellen burstyn was a genius in this role .
1 and also de niro ' first visit to crystal 's has me rolling on the floor in laughter .
1 on top of that the directing is wonderful and the settings sumptuous and rich , a real treat .
1 halle berry was beautiful as usual , but she also played her part well .
1 this was a memorable and flawless effort to show people that love truly knows no bounds , and love is still as beautiful and wonderful as it always was .
0 the script is so poor that rodney seems to be saying his one liners to the camera and all the side characters have nothing to do .
1 no one has ever achieved this result with such stark and chilling accuracy as peter watkins does here .
0 this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .
1 his face is remarkably powerful in depicting repressed and escalating anger ; he does it very well ; it 's almost the dark opposite of his famous easy grin .
0 in the end , amu may be made with heart but the result is heartless for the audience .
1 this is not an action film by any means , though the pacing is faster and there is most action than in most any other bergman movie .
0 pass on this one ... there 's no redeeming value in it whatsoever .
1 the film progresses really well from normal life to abnormal phenomena to the truly supernatural .
1 what 's even more incredible is that julia roberts appears without being annoying or demonstrating that she can only play julia roberts .
1 highly recommended .
1 i had to fast forward through the really violent parts , i could only really watch a little of them , they were really harrowing .
1 any true wrestling fan would have to consider this wrestlemania to be one of , if not the best of all time .
1 another fine film from the film movement , this is a tender story brilliantly told .
0 there is simply no appeal to this show , i 'm surprised that it 's still running .
0 there were poor special effects , shocking dialogue , terrible acting and a completely unexplained plot .
0 corman was probably pitched this movie at some point but declined due to the poor quality of the script !
0 ok we all love the daisy dukes , but what is up with this cast .
0 bad acting , bad effects , bad script , bad everything !
0 now at last i must say `` dont watch any turkish horror movie '' .
0 hardly there is a single action scene when preity was being raped by salman 's colleague in her apartment , salman slapped him .
1 this movie helped me to understand the japanese people a little better .
0 despite my rating of 1 , i still recommend this movie as a great example of how to kill an acting or script-writing career .
0 this film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it .
0 this was an extremely stupid movie .
1 marlon brando ca n't sing worth beans , but pulls it off anyway .
1 overall , this is n't a perfect film but is a memorable one .
0 the writing is hodge-podge , the actors ' portrayals of their characters weak , and most of all , the design work is downright doggy .
1 the film is recorded in a style that reminds me of the danish initiative `` dogma 95 '' which was started by 4 danish directors including lars von trier .
1 `` screamers '' *is* a nice little surprise , worth looking into for science-fiction buffs who have yet to see it .
0 i had trouble also working out how plan of the 'evil savage ' linked in with the bermuda triangle type section , and what control .
1 jackie shroff gets a meaty role yet again in a vidhu vinod chopra film .
1 his anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable .
0 it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so awful .
1 he , in turn , forms friendships with his teammates , which influences his growth as an athlete and as a team player .
0 do not , i repeat , do not watch this film when it 's shown on american movie classics .
0 very disappointing in every aspect .
1 i think it only has 2 seasons left , but i still love the show , and enjoy it while it lasts .
0 the result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result .
1 also , this was the first movie i saw barbara stanwyck in and she 's an amazing actress .
1 this movie has it all , sex , drugs , rock n ' roll , and laughs upon laughs upon laughs .
1 although at first glance this film appears to have been done as a final project for a film school freshman , the film has many great and classic qualities .
0 you do n't even care what happens in the end because the director never lets you care about the characters .
0 unconvinced that all of the characters were even necessary , i.e .
0 misrepresented garbage like this belongs in a landfill and nowhere else .
1 excellent acting makes the story feel true .
0 forget about all the rest , it 's not worth talking about ...
1 despite all of the flaws this movie might have i believe it has a lot to offer .
1 i saw this again recently , and its such a relief from some of the crap that disney puts out now .
1 the quality is very good and they are very enjoyable to watch especially if you have not been able to see them since they aired in the 60 's .
0 i could n't quite understand what was going on with her , and i would have liked to see some reasoning for her pathology .
1 it 's a billy crystal movie so i knew i would like it , but this was wonderful ! ! ! ! !
1 that other person is n't going to wait a life time waiting , they have a life a well .
1 shadows is hailed by many as the forerunner of the indie film movement and it 's definitely recommended .
1 it 's clear that people love this film , & even clearer why they do .
0 the film looks good , the premise could have been made into a lovely film , but sadly it was n't to be .
1 but it still got to me , which is a credit to the film .
0 i had no feeling for the characters whatsoever .
0 movie was quite boring , did n't bring much to the screen ...
1 the film deserves a 9/10 .
0 fire in space , on its own , is one of the worst episodes .
1 patrick wilson is mesmerizing as harris .
0 freddie prinze , jr. looked like he was still shaking off the remnants of a trendy teenage mindset , but he was adequate .
0 their intentions might be good , but it 's everyone 's mistakes that lead to the downfall of congo .
0 the only thing you can say about jet pilot is that the russians were far in advance of us on feminist issues .
1 the experience of a man may be hidden by time , but time can not hide the experienced man .
0 if you 're looking for a movie portraying real people with a well developed storyline , suspense and depth , well ... you can skip this one .
0 it feels like a tarantino rip off , and all but tarantino 's first couple movies are rip offs themselves .
1 the few plot holes are minor and do not make us wonder .
1 ten years later , it 's like watching it all again for the first time .
0 it is really awful .
1 it 's a delight to watch something with no offensive language , and no incomprehensible transatlantic colloquialisms .
1 having just watched this with my mother i was thrilled to find something different to the usual stuff i usually watch .
0 this movie tries to get a moral , ecological point across but only succeeds in making you yawn and pray it ends soon .
0 i love new filming techniques and what not , but this just did n't work for me .
1 i suppose it depends on when one actually sees the movie for the first time that their impression is formed the way it is .
0 the direction is unimaginative and i 've seen better scripts in saturday morning cartoons .
0 this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen .
0 in fact there are only two such films i have seen this year that i felt had no redeeming qualities : this film and red cockroaches .
1 the first ultimate avengers , while not perfect , was still a solid introduction to the characters , their dynamics and their personal issues .
1 above all , this is a deeply moving story of redemption , of death with dignity and loss of ego .
1 most ideas from retro sci-fi series especially including star trek has been reused several times , this one the other hand remains mostly as a one time triumph .
0 this seems like one of those movies that we think we should like , but i did n't .
0 presley sings only the title song and only a fan with more time on his hands than brain power could sit through the first 30 minutes .
1 in fact i am always checking to see if it comes on again but unfortunately i have n't been able to find it since .
0 if your money is important to you - save it instead of renting this piece of drek - or rent something else .
0 the laughing dead is an incredibly cheesy low budget film without any value .
1 kenneth branagh shows off his excellent skill in both acting and writing in this deep and thought provoking interpretation of shakespeare 's most classic and well-written tragedy .
0 the result is an unbelievably mediocre film that features every single horror cliché you can think of and in which most of the violence happens off-screen .
0 i love monster flicks but i could n't watch even half of the terrible acting , cardboard characters and abysmal special effects .
0 ajay devgan was average , at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion .
1 the parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over , but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great .
0 there is nothing good to write about this movie.i wish i had a time machine to get back my few hours that i wasted watching this junk .
1 todd 's openness and vulnerability contributed to his steep upward learning curve , and was essential to his success there .
0 this movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie !
1 overall , a good batman animated movie , worth at least a rental .
1 and that 's the reason why i especially love this movie , the barbarians & the company .
1 his new honesty unleashes a desire to live .
0 i could see a train wreck coming so i did n't bother to watch the ending of this piece of trash .
0 we 're told very little about their lives , so we 're left to watch their behaviour without any useful context .
0 there is a lot of wasted talent and time here .
0 some interesting direction and good african locations are negated by an amateur cast that must say every word like it is the most important information in the film .
1 it makes you feel like you are at a wake and remembering how great we once had it .
0 some purely evil character does some dastardly deed , walker goes after him , and it ends in a karate match .
1 paramount should bring it to dvd as soon as possible .
1 the first-person narration by roberts enhances the quality of the movie , and keeps us guessing on the real motive behind the crime .
0 compared with his daughters of darkness that masterfully mixes eroticism and horror , black candles comes off as amateurish .
1 for the 41 people who did not like this movie go rent the porky 's series and lock yourself in a room .
0 then there 's movies like rest stop that should just never have been made because they are just plain dreadful .
1 he needs no animations , cgi , big named stars or million dollar budgets to produce films of pure , simple genius .
0 even the additional title is boring .
0 i was so uncomfortable at the poor composition of this scene and the forced attempt at humor that i almost had to fast-forward through the part .
0 the plot is just plain bad .
1 fredric march is so charming , sophisticated , sexy and so right for thomas .
1 i wo n't reveal anything further , but what results is a very funny series of events with the perfect conclusion .
1 this is one of the better stooges shorts due to the storyline and wonderful routines .
1 like its predecessors , this series hits the high notes extremely well .
1 if you want a safe , fun and underrated movie , this is a good one .
1 i ca n't think of one thing that looks right , sounds right , or goes right in this picture .
0 ***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** for some reason i decided to pick up this film to rent and have totally and completely regretted it ever since ! ! !
1 the role given here for george cole was made for him .
0 it ' a romance that plays so much on stereotypes it makes no impact .
0 but seriously , it totally fails to convince or involve the watcher .
0 the poor chap seems convinced that acts 9 happens before acts 2 .
1 `` 23 '' is one of the best german movies for a long time .
0 even more strange , the filmmakers appeared to recycle establishing shots .
0 a 3 out of 10 .
1 it 's just a great story , but this one is clearly the best .
1 in all these ways this is a truly beautiful film , a film to be treasured , and to be seen again and again .
1 it is entertaining and deep , funny and sad , and has wisdom and wit thrown in as well .
0 there are few scenes in the movie which are funny , but they the rest are utter garbage .
0 mistake # 3 ) the script is written and mcg tries to cast christian bale as marcus .
1 even more than with sex & the city , girlfriends mostly explores the leads ' `` issues '' by contrasting with normality in its male actors .
0 in moving closer to movie production values , however , it lost most of the entertainment value of the first two .
0 but the very generic komodo vs. python is just a horrible title , and an even worse premise .
1 my vote is 10/10
0 one character does double duty as `` scientist who does n't want to kill the monster but study it '' .
1 suffice it to say that the mystery of saskia 's disappearance is frighteningly revealed at last ; listen closely and you can almost hear god laughing in the soundtrack .
1 and tim robbins certainly deserves the vote i have given this film : 9/10 !
0 i can not stress enough how bad this movie was .
0 we 're sure we know what happened , then a tiny plot thread that seems at first like a red herring pops back up and disappoints .
1 it is great for all ages , because i am twelve !
1 the film has a way of staying with us even when it has ended .
1 what used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh .
0 when i watched this crap , it reminded me of the the title of the movie fire , which is where this garbage belongs , in a fire .
1 if it were n't a bit of a cult classic , i doubt it would be available on dvd .
0 not worth wasting one 's time .
0 i 'm a big fan of b movies , but dead life is an f at best .
0 truly , despite looking nice , this is a very badly written film that wastes karloff 's considerable talents .
0 without their comedy commentary , this film is just a stagnant snoozefest .
1 when it ventures away from quick quips and fast puns , it never becomes offensive .
1 it is impossible to relate all of the new information and analysis provided by this documentary .
1 he was able to pull from some places of pain that really touched you as you watched his performance .
0 whatever twists and turns were in store in the plot were completely given away by the way the story unraveled .
0 finally , the courtroom scenes built up no tension whatsoever .
0 imo : while i 've seen worse , this was still not worth watching .
0 everybody but jed is just annoying .
1 should be required viewing for all film majors .
1 i realized this is only a hollywood dream works during 1944 , which was probably quite amazing to the public who viewed this film .
0 o'donnell is typically bland , while tyler is not only awfully miscast but a bad actress , as well .
0 but to churn out a movie so one-sided like it 's black and white ... good v evil is lazy and treating me as a child .
1 all the questions are answered , and i had a real ball with this one .
0 all that being said -- this film is just plain empty and boring !
1 this movie has wild bill hickok , calamity jane , buffalo bill and general custer all together .
0 it almost seems like they really wanted to make a couple different movies , but only had the time and money to make one .
0 this film has a great cast and a great director , but the script is meandering and seems pointless at times .
0 the first word i can find to describe this movie is awful .
0 the drama was dry , the story was predictable , the special effects were anything but special , and the continuity was horrific !
0 another major problem is the film 's villains , the weakest yet .
1 i must admit rarely have i seen such a wonderfully crafted film .
1 i really loved this movie and so did the audience that i saw it with in los angeles .
0 the end result is a script which fails to engage the viewer .
1 i did not read burroughs ' tarzan books , but many of his other series -- they were packed with meaningful action and heroic purpose !
1 i do n't recall ever being disappointed in a sigourney weaver film .
1 it 's not a masterpiece but still very noteworthy piece of 90 's science fiction and action cinema .
0 the acting is incredibly bad and the dialogue is just as deplorable .
1 i have n't mentioned j.r. 's friends much ; their clowning around is very real ; we all know people like this .
0 unnecessary homosexuals !
0 by far the superior actors in this movie ... .. do not rent or buy it .
0 it scores a zero in every department .
1 joachim has a past as a violent man , who found in the church the necessary peace for his life .
1 and the message is extremely timely with what is going on in the world today .
0 i gave it 2/10 because after all this thing had something that i ca n't put in words .
0 he plays it like he 's a bored movie exec , rather than a bored movie exec who used to be a shylock .
1 but you do n't have to be older to hold onto the past , even the young characters , like charlotte do n't want things to change .
1 he knew what he was doing , and he did it well .
0 please do n't watch this film .
0 secondly , no insurance company would issue a life insurance policy to a known con man , especially for $ 1 million .
0 unfortunately , the witty banter comes off as self-conscious here , and the backstage business is overripe .
0 unless you count crispin glover doing a bad johnny depp doing a bad johnny de ... wait , see , i told you these spoofs were eating their tails .
1 i 've watched some pretty challenging and experimental films that leave a lot hanging , and i love them !
1 he 's plays the mob boss perfectly , with comedic touches in the right places , managing to avoid becoming an overbearing cliche .
1 i think his performance in this film is the best of his career .
1 morales ' portrayal of joseph adama , inspired by olmos ' portrayal of william , gives a wonderful glimpse of william 's heroic father .
1 in a way cool haircut , mr. bacon and his stunt doubles perfectly accompany a terrific soundtrack .
0 mostly , it was a film full of unlikeable people - with the exception of peter lorre 's character .
0 * from ****
1 we care about tony soprano wholeheartedly , despite the fact that in the simplest model of good vs. evil , he is evil .
0 the acting was also very poor , the only actor i found the least bit satisfying was her daughter ; the rest were two-dimensional and quite unbelievable .
0 these were a very dull and painful 90 minutes .
0 this film was seemingly advertised as a romantic comedy , which does n't usually peak my interest , yet thankfully had little to do with comedy or romance .
0 the spaceship is the worst effect to come out of hollywood this side of an ed wood film .
0 it was also very predictable , boring and slow .
0 the first episode of trauma was the most exciting , but after that , things seemed to go downhill .
0 anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime .
1 it is a very good movie and it is scary in what they can do to us as we lose all of our civil rights .
0 the violence is cringe-worthy , more looking away from the screen than being scared .
1 a must see film for all people !
1 i like how they find this pleasant rapport with each other .
0 this is an absolutely horrid excuse for a show .
1 an elegy to a certain side of new york that seems to be disappearing , `` on the run '' displays great sensitivity and humour .
0 if only there were a rating on imdb lower than 1 ... be afraid of this film be very afraid !
1 still the fbi does have a story to tell and it is by no means a negative one .
1 the silly symphonies , which walt disney produced for a ten year period beginning in 1929 , are among the most interesting of series in the field of animation .
0 after subjecting myself to this 2 hours of futile angst , i have no idea how to answer that question .
0 all in all , one of the worst cheap horror flicks i 've ever seen ... and i 've seen a lot .
0 i never seen such a badly written story for a film ever .
0 if you have seen get shorty , do not proceed to this .
0 unfortunately , this movie just got worse and worse as it moved on .
1 i struggled with how to write a review of this fine film so others would be motivated to see it .
0 the basic storyline was a disgrace to the intelligence of women all over the world .
0 do n't buy it .
1 fortunately i could find it here in brazil and appreciate it .
0 the 'story ' scenes are interspersed between the sex scenes , which makes it more like a porn movie .
0 first things first , how can someone with his creativity on the right side believe in a movie like this .
1 once again , he embodies the character down to his finest mannerisms , and makes like he just crept off the set of the last name .
0 despite the wit to some of the ideas , its absolutely boring .
1 there was n't anybody on the show i did n't like and felt the acting was superb .
1 it is a strangely powerful and moving experience to see `` the english patient '' again after anthony minghella 's death .
0 the writers and director of this `` film '' , if you want to call it that , really tried to suck the airport dynasty dry with this crap !
1 saw it on tv and it was the most entertaining movie i saw in a long time .
0 this was the worst acting i have ever seen and i have seen some really bad acting , and the story ? ? ?
0 pretty bad film is all i can say .
0 i enjoy horror movies , but usually find that the horror movies from the 70s are drastically lacking in anything worth keeping .
0 the plot and even the subplots have been done to extinction .
0 2 ) most of the people interviewed are to me totally unknown .
0 not recommended for americans who like political correctness .
1 someone said that they reminded them of the '70 's but then for me the whole film did .
1 lemmon and dennis are very entertaining in the main roles , and the various supporting performances complement the story perfectly .
1 although the video quality is a leap over the old vhs copies , there is still no widescreen version available .
1 although i can understand the bad things someone has to say about this movie , i still found it to be absolutely amazing .
1 no hollywood lights , no glam or special effects , just the honest display of the b.s .
1 the title of the film gives it so much hope , that this could be one of the best films to come out of philadelphia .
0 i do n't want to come off as mean , but i have to say : most of the people in this film are just not attractive .
0 do n't get me wrong -- i 'm a huge fan of his work -- i just believe that he was terribly miscast in this role .
0 he needed to bring some excitement or suspense to his role , instead of just blandly playing this random socialite .
1 this character is a fantastic one and i 'm cereal !
1 i do hope they make more movies about thomas and his friends , since it was a wonderful tv show , and the spin off is great too .
1 overall score : 8 - its a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70s and can still be enjoyed today .
1 the result of that is that its a series which does not let you go .
0 i 'm usually quite tolerant of movies , and very easily entertained , however this movie was dreadfully disappointing .
0 a real misfire .
1 pure talking cinema , deliverance is a very important movie as well .
1 it was an unfortunate situation , and the hungarians have never forgotten how they were abandoned in it .
1 before the picture starts maltin tells of and shows many scenes that a few years after the year this film was made would n't have been allowed .
1 it is now on dvd i do hope many more will now see this , .
1 this film is for anyone who wants to watch a powerful story and see an example of what contemporary movies should look and be like .
0 i 'm not going to bother mentioning any of the plot - this is strictly a b movie on its way to obscurity .
1 the sharp picture quality on the dvd was much better than if i had watched this show originally on a 1961 television .
0 men who 've answered personal ads in the lonely hearts column featuring poetry are being found naked , face down on their beds .
1 i think `` silk '' proves that it is often impossible to adequately translate a deep , emotionally charged book into a credible and enjoyable movie .
0 apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going , and wanted to make the least of it .
1 i saw this movie manny years ago when it come out , it whats a big chock to me .
0 and there 's hardly any other action in the rest of the movie - this is one boring movie , and i could n't wait for it to end .
0 the woman can not act .
0 the scene editing was horrible you get lost between transitions to different location and time .
1 i thought emma roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine .
1 i strongly recommend this version of the classic bronte tale .
0 joe pesci seems very out of place -- probably a casting error .
1 joan cusack steals the show !
1 i 've also seen the stage play , which was an excellent production ... but nothing can compare to this .
0 the first time in the movie it was a little funny but after it was in every scene , it became tedious .
1 i have yet to read a negative professional review of this movie .
1 those who may think this is just about a romantic story and the south , will be probably satisfied with this decent tv production .
0 the silent garbage , as this valentino flick proves , was as vile and unappealing as the later one .
0 the plot is inane , the special effects are hilarious and the acting is some of the worst you 'll ever see !
0 nothing is funny .
1 the bottom line : this movie will make you laugh , it will make you cry , and the ending will keep you guessing .
1 i watched the korean film tell me something last night and i thought it was an excellent film .
1 steve martin and carl reiner are a pair ... nothing less than genius from two of the best .
0 although i know the writers were going for being shocking and portraying a very abnormal family , this movie was sick and not at all humorous .
0 craven , like the art student , never gets to the meat of the exercise .
0 i normally love jackie chan movies but this one was terrible .
0 the only performance worth mentioning is roddy mcdowall 's understated malcom .
0 the actress is ugly .
0 - my verdict : do not watch .
0 editing includes leaving in extra lines and using obvious wipes .
1 grab yourselves a cool drink and some popcorn , watch this movie and have fun .
0 if anyone or anything deserves to be poked fun at , do it and continue to do it , ... but most of all : 3 .
1 charlie was still working towards his peak when he made this rather daring short about soldiers in the trenches of world war one .
0 it was also a disgusting overly dramatized exercise in attempting to concentrate more on the gross out factor than reporting the facts .
1 good wholesome family fun-filled movie .
1 the relationships and psychological tones in the film are not low and does not disappoint , they should keep up the intrigue of the viewer to the max .
0 programmers write viruses .
1 but he 's still the mcqueen we know and love when he confronts the texas ranger played by ben johnson .
1 the acting is marvelous and the dialogue sharp if the story is n't quite up to the direction and performances .
1 it is just so sweet , pure sugar .
1 aladdin was one of the better disney movies , and jafar was one of the best villains .
1 director sam raimi shows us why he became a big league director .
1 our end , like this film 's , leave us wanting more .
0 this movie is a very cynical pile of garbage made by some people with animation skills but totally lacking in creativity or storytelling ability .
0 the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly flat .
0 this is so bad , even for a made for tv production .
0 the plot , lines and scenes were so cringeworthy , i had to look down and pretend i was somewhere else .
0 at this point you will be treated to drab scenery , and illogical , boring fight scenes .
0 the only interesting character was tornado tommy , he was funny !
1 if you are a fan of the books you will probably hate this miniseries as much as i did !
1 each actor gets a chance to show off his or her definition of style here , with cage , jolie and duvall leading the pack of course .
0 what little unintentional humor it has does not make up for the slow , hard to understand , boring majority of the film .
1 excellent film with a great soundtrack , a portrait of a southern california , indeed an america , that no longer exists .
1 i own an old , original vhs of this that i bought from a rental store .
1 i 've seen it at least seven times and i still laugh out loud each and every time .
1 there are so many memorable scenes and it is often laugh out loud funny .
1 he is absorbed into an exciting story about a strangler , even going as far as drawing a sketch to aid his writing .
1 if you enjoy films about relationships this is one to watch .
1 most of the violence is implicit yet effectively brutal .
1 outstanding entertainment .
1 dame wendy hiller lives in her role .
1 what can i say that has n't already been said about this great show ?
0 this is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element , but that is all .
1 because it was a little picture , john ford was not harassed by the studio big wigs .
1 this movie is a story from the early 20th century that is strangely relevant to the political landscape of the world in the beginning of the 21st century .
1 her character evolved , and her relationship with rusty became more and more loving and outgoing .
1 the comedy is many times hilarious and i think it is even superior to the marx brothers , possibly the biggest comedic force of the time .
0 `` embarassing '' is the only word to describe this laughingly awful production .
0 how sad that such organizations such as the armenian national committee and other radicals must unjustly accuse an entire nation in order to preserve their fragile cultural identity .
0 while people may get away with this on stage , on film it becomes deadly -- or at least deadly dull .
1 all in all this was a one of a kind in disney second movie films !
1 i highly recommend it to everyone , both for its cinematic value and its subject matter .
0 to show that she is mentally ill , she overacts a lot and the narrator tells us she 's `` going mad '' .
0 this movie is strictly for children .
1 the house itself is a large gothic monstrosity , and has a sinister appeal to it that works incredibly well .
0 hitchcock tries for some early comedy with fred and his umbrella that does n't come off , and kendall seems to aim for laughs while berry plays for tears .
1 if you like mafia movies or crime films you should give this one a try .
1 calcutta was a clear sign of the times , and still is a pleasure to watch .
1 he performs all the martial arts really well and these seasonal films have given him a cult following around the world .
1 it therefore feeling rather nostalgic at the same time makes the film feels timeless , a bit like how totoro and jungle book has n't really aged .
1 the greatest emotion which one stand behind everything is the love .
0 i did n't leave the theater feeling like they owed me two hours of my life back , but it certainly was n't close to justifying the ticket price .
1 its sad sense moved me memorably .
0 adam ant turns in a respectable performance but everyone else falls flat .
1 winner 's dressed up craftsmanship might feel pedestrian , however it 's the ensemble cast that really holds it together as you try to spot the faces .
1 rent the film , actually , buy the film because whenever your bored or feeling low , this film has enough comedy to make you feel better again .
1 this is a feel good film , about one person 's dreams and the drive or push to realize them .
1 loses some steam and vibrancy towards the end , and the ending sequence leaves a bittersweet feeling .
0 i 've seen other of parker 's films - admired many of them - and am just stunned at how badly this was put together .
0 the film is full of mistakes and goofs .
0 so , if you want to see one of the worst movies ever , watch dark fields .
0 pointless .
1 i hope i come across another little movie as loaded with emotion and psychological meaning as this one some time soon .
0 the story is horrible .
0 it starts out slowly , with no dialog , then increases its yawn factor as words are added to this meandering , nonsensical script .
1 hopkins was super classic as the drunken king too .
0 it looks an `` amateur '' story , not directed by a famous director as tornatore , but by young director at his first movie .
0 it is riddled errors and logical non-sequiturs .
0 it did n't bother me , but it also did n't impress .
1 this is easily one of my favorite musicals of all time .
0 i believe it is regarded as the citizen kane of orphanage set torture porn movies .
1 leonardo dicaprio gives one of his best performances as jack , and kate winslet is lovely as rose .
1 and finally , if you 're attentive enough , you 'll find elements typical to lynch as well .
1 maybe the negative aspects of the movie , makes the positive ones seem really good and vice versa , but there was something that kept me watching this film .
1 it really works , and is as racy today as it must have been when it came out .
1 nothing overblown and grandiose like `` the godfather '' but a tight story that never bogs down , filled with real characters that stand out from the screen .
1 i saw it and loved it , and did n't find it too dirty at all -- although the naked pictures with balloons were a bit weird .
0 over all direction is okay , but it never rises to be anything more than that .
1 despite this fact i would really recommend this movie to everyone .
1 joe or he-man will find their favourite characters once again return to life with new demented and funny attitudes .
0 20 mins you 're ready to shoot you 're self ... how these movies receive funding is beyond me !
0 for those of you who have n't seen this one before ... . shame on you !
0 with a cast completely devoid of talent and a story that prompts you to pinch yourself out of the nightmare this movie epitomizes the word terrible .
0 unfortunately , this is where the list of positive aspects ends .
1 in the end the answer waits for joshua to be ready .
0 `` trigger man '' is definitely the most boring and silliest movie i 've ever seen in my life .
1 this is a superb movie , excellent and realistic portrayals of a middle class jewish family in brighton beach , brooklyn , of long ago .
0 now imagine the worst film that could possibly be made with these two together for the first time .
1 there are a few minor flaws - but it 's probably the best of the spoofs .
1 hoffman has often been brilliant , but never more so than in this portrayal .
0 characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place .
0 stay away from this movie !
1 it had to be you cover a lot of the usual ground , but takes a fresh spin when ever possible .
1 keep in mind while reading my comments that i am - and always will be - an avid star wars fan .
1 an authentic passionate piece of art interpreted by authentic real people .
0 overall this movie was awful and should have ended many careers , maybe it did ! !
1 jessie ralph steals every scene she 's in as an old lady wanting only to be alone with her memories of the past .
1 this is one of the best films that olsen and johnson ever made , even if it has one really big problem .
0 though it has actors who have the potential to do something decent , the acting in the movie is sub-par , and has a cliché point .
1 he 's a quiet , modest man , and he emotes perfectly when needed to .
1 wrestlemania 6 , is an entertaining wrestlemania , if not an entirely successful one .
0 but really , its just a bad story with a bad twist dumped on the end .
0 the quick and the dead is a four out of ten film .
0 instead of dropping $ 30 for this tripe check out a really great recent werewolf pic : `` dog soldiers '' with sean pertwee .
0 i wish i could have given this a better review but honestly it was a frustrating and disappointing waste of an hour and a half .
0 for those not familiar with the original tv series , you may not be disappointed but chances are you will be bored .
0 i feel the use of silence to create atmosphere only works when you have actors who can exude some sort of presence without speaking and these actors certainly cant .
0 the plot is nonsense that does n't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it .
0 there are only a few tense moments in here , not anywhere as near as many as should have been for a film of this genre .
1 my grade for this very fine movie : a-
1 joel grey as the master of ceremonies is outstanding .
1 the critics call this is england meadows ' masterpiece .
1 i must say that i had wanted to see this film for a long time , and i was not disappointed .
0 anderson cooper is hilarious 2 .
1 my vote , as it has enlightened a gloomy day is : 10/10
1 the film grasped every bone in our body .
0 some say its a horror , i 've seen more scarier things in my bin , than in this film .
1 that makes it all the more remarkable .
1 great acting , and thrilling story line .
0 big disappointment , especially after all the hype !
1 a japanese friend of mine once told me that the show in it 's original language was more whimsical & less flat-out hilarious that the version we all know .
1 since i got the dvd i have watched it three times and it gets better every time i watch it .
0 however , the crusades includes a heavy amount of dated cheesy humor and butchers history with its characters .
0 the characters are poorly written at best , with none of their individual quirks to be seen or heard .
0 now as for the dialogs , just like the acting , no memorable quotes , nothing that someone would n't expect .
0 maybe i 'm alone here , but this is a crap show .
1 viewing , the film now , though , makes me look at stella stevens character more closely .
0 it 's not a kids film , but the problem is that it 's simply not a good film .
1 it 's very quotable - who could ever forget dr. loomis ' speech in which he describes michael myers to the sheriff ?
0 maybe besser was a nice guy , but he was all wrong as the third stooge .
1 i 've read many negative reviews of this movie and finally got a chance to see it on dvd .
0 that is certainly the case with asylum of satan ; a mind numbingly bad horror film which features nothing that would shock an audience of young children .
1 the narrative is slow and thoughtful , which gives you a real sense of the protagonist 's thoughts as he travels to his destination .
1 i 've had never been disappointed by a kurosawa film , but this is probably the first .
1 yes , his movies are made on shoestring budgets and do n't contain the most top-notch acting around , but they 're fun nonetheless .
0 the the film was boring , the slapstick is awful , the story line weak , and leslie nielsen is most unfunny .
0 yes this movie is obviously trying to be a conan the barbarian , and what amazes me is that this is a sequel .
1 of all of the stories i have come across , this is by far the most bizarre and intriguing .
0 the silly humour is strained , flat and particularly senseless .
1 it is very different from the action films north american folks are used to seeing .
1 i absolutely fell in love with these children , and came to care very much about their characters .
1 it is a film for those who seek out truth and are willing to face it regardless of what it may be .
1 this 1988 film is really a great little film .
0 this is the single worst movie , with the exception of `` the people under the stairs '' that i have ever seen .
0 daring you to watch the entire mess is n't enough ... defying you to watch the entire mess is more on target .
0 this film appears to be scraps from an editing room floor that were very , very poorly spliced together into a completely incoherent and ridiculous mess .
1 are you more the the fun parts , you still wo n't be disappointed .
0 i had looked forward to this 'special movie ' about the commission that was put together to investigate the actual facts around the assassination of jfk .
0 worth watching just for the interesting contrast , but not worthy as entertainment of any kind .
0 but at least its not as bad as titanic , that movie sucks balls , this one just sucks .
0 in all , the second short story `` the raft '' and the unpleasantly , well-conceived effects is what lifts this extremely inferior sequel .
1 overall , this movie is a masterpiece which has been overlooked by quite a few people .
1 most notable is bill henderson giving the performance of his life .
1 curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing .
0 i expected this movie to be somewhat in the same league as bram stoker 's dracula , but i was sorely disappointed .
0 this is a case where the charm of the leading man carries the day , for the gags are mostly predictable and routine , almost like reflex actions .
0 i did not like any of the characters and the story was sketchy at best .
0 and long tom , who is supposed to be a pale scrawny guy with an attitude , not paul gleason with an scarf .
0 they were very much in the 'so bad they 're good ' category of horrendous film entertainment .
1 the result is that chaney 's character achieves full pathos , despite not being a particularly subtle performance .
0 add to that the cheap production values and you 've got a movie that does n't look like it even belongs on television .
1 i enjoyed it very much .
0 truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the goings on here .
0 because if you cut out that poker crap , you really have some decent action here , but those fifteen minutes ca n't help the movie .
1 this was an incredibly impressive episode for such a young show !
1 `` the prince and the showgirl '' presents an interesting picture of that famous `` test of time '' thing .
0 suffering from a painfully short running time and an overly brisk pacing , boy eats girl does not fulfill the potential that it has .
1 a great dead writer , a wonderful book and many literature lovers deserve it .
1 but thank goodness for the second half , the story really begins to catch attention , and the main performances really begin to appeal to the eyes .
1 there is a similar one like this called booty and the beast and i strongly recommend both of these three stooges shorts !
0 good performances do n't make it when they are serving a poor story in a technically flawed movie .
1 after hours does not get mentioned among scorsese 's most remarkable and memorable films but it is .
0 tries to make the film similar to its animated show but ends up creating a film which is more disappointing than the original .
1 i highly recommend it for anyone who likes dinosaurs and monsters .
0 i kept hoping my time spent would pay off , but in the end i was left me wondering why they even bothered to make this thing .
1 a film well worth seeing and one which should propel it 's young star into the limelight .
1 two very capable guys getting 15 minutes to shine on a huge show ... thumbs up !
1 powell delivers a multi-layered performance that has to count amongst his best , and gable is irrepressible and delightfully amoral as the bad guy we 're all rooting for .
1 jamie foxx did an incredible job playing ray charles .
0 what little there is left in this garbage they call a miniseries is a bunch of boring shots meant to be scary .
0 just your run of the mill , bland zombie flick with a bit of gore and a sex scene .
1 okay , i 'll admit that it is the only gay avant garde biblical film i have ever seen , ... but by default it is definitely the best .
1 deniro is a master ... one of my favourites .
1 ultimately , it 's always going to be the return to the beginning aspect of requiem that will win us over , and does it must be said .
1 just that and a personal resonance made me love this film .
1 chip was with the fbi from day one , and he gladly puts his job above everything else in the world , even occasionally his family .
0 cheap and bad uses of stock footage of riders falling off horses .
1 guinness goes on to work at parker 's firm , and repeats the same tricks he did with gough - but parker discovers it too .
0 it 's an ugly and hateful film that will make you feel ugly and hateful .
1 lionel barrymore 's performance is also really memorable .
0 it was full of inaccuracy , wrong locations , and bad everything .
1 characters can never rise above the script they must recite , but these actors made the most of their material , which is excellent .
0 whoopi is so funny , she must have been hurting for money because i think that would be the only reason someone like her would do this crappy show .
1 i love this movie more than anything i have ever seen , and wish it were available on dvd , or even vhs !
0 there is no excuse for having cg this bad in a movie made in 2005 .
1 its sick , demented , twisted , but yet insanely funny and fulfilling .
1 i 've seen the miniseries at least five times since then , when it 's be re-run on various cable channels .
0 instead get the original .
0 i kept waiting for more depth to the characters and there was n't .
0 so , unless you 're really bored and just want to see kim basinger 's naked back for a brief moment , do n't watch this film .
0 i rate this 'movie ' a zero !
0 sadly , the script is so bad that none of the actors or all of them combined can make up for the bad story .
0 the biggest goof had to be paying the writers who came up with this drivel and called it a story .
0 the decisions that the characters make and the way that they deal with the situations is weak , and did nothing but frustrate me .
0 if you are lookin for some good black `` booty '' go watch a dominique simone porn flick , because the nudity in this movie is nearly non-existent .
0 this `` tension '' lends to some appalling `` resolution '' that has nothing at all to do with cats or dogs and is not remotely humourous .
0 when she sang , she put forth emotion , but when she was just acting , she did nothing to flesh out an already underwritten character .
0 this is one of the most inane films i have ever had the misfortune of viewing .
0 the filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southerners .
1 repeat it then get it out on dvd .
1 i think this movie is different apart from most films i 've seen .
1 in contrast , fishburne 's othello is a strong and vigorous figure familiar with taking action .
1 still , this was a very good cartoon with some action here and there .
1 since this movie came out in 1997 , it has aired at least once a year , and i have yet to miss it .
0 it has the remnants of an original script , but butchered beyond all hope of redemption .
1 it is not about sex and the way lucia handles with it .
0 what is meant to be a celebration has become an insult to the people being celebrated .
0 i will not even talk about the acting abomination that are the 'bad guys ' of the plot .
0 dreadful writing .
0 but the modest conceits of this material are lost or misunderstood by the movie 's creators who are in full-on `` shallow blockbuster '' mode .
0 avoid the show at all cost and if it does come out on dvd , remember that the laughter that deserves was unintentional .
0 if you 're an adult who is at all familiar with power rangers , i 'm sure none of this surprises you .
0 the idea was interesting and the movie was ok at the beginning , then it goes downhill .
0 there is some very nice scenery and some clever dry wit but that 's about it .
0 it 's a pathetic attempt to cash in on an established and recognizable name .
0 do n't even waste your time , let alone pay rental for this piece of dreck !
0 sounds like it could be an exciting western , but this one is dull , dull , dull .
1 this film revels in poses and extraordinary set pieces that are passionately beautiful .
1 the new york locations are well used , and bronson is ... bronson .
1 an important work in american musical theatre is here given an electrifying performance .
1 if you 're patient enough to stick with this film , and you dig eerie nightmarish imagery , this film is quite a treat !
1 this show has elements of several types of successful past programs .
0 the movie stars van helsing , a college professor guy who is n't at all convincing .
0 and the `` acting '' ... i got the feeling they were fed lines as things were happening .
1 i totally recommend this movie .
1 the creators of this little gem have far more potent imaginations than i and i envy them that .
0 the food , the characters - nothing felt passionate .
0 the story is dull , the action boring , and , for a film that is only 88 minutes it seems to just drag on .
0 i usually do n't walk out of a movie , but halfway thru i did .
0 it was n't particularly clever in any way , except in finding that crack between what we wanted in control and freedom .
0 the blob monster could very well be the son of a haggard dorothy malone .
1 delirious is the best stand-up comedy i 've ever seen and it is a must-have for anyone who loves a good laugh ! !
1 the music was wonderful and dev anand as a city bred looked and acted his best .
0 the director and stars should be banished from making movies forever .
1 there is just such a great story of mystery , and lost cultures , and hard feelings dispelled .
0 this has been done hundreds of times before and this movie adds nothing to the old formula .
1 this show is the most truthful portrayal of what men think about .
0 no redeeming value whatsoever .
0 i blame the script for this since other than the ending , not a whole heck of a lot that happened on screen seemed to make any real sense .
0 but it 's clear enough that locking these people up , however much it may be in the interests of justice , serves no purpose .
1 when i am blue , this movie lifts my spirit and makes me laugh .
1 i totally enjoyed this movie for its ability to be educational and moving and yet integrate light-hearted vignettes .
1 she is incredibly inspiring and her story is the story of a great woman !
0 this film is extremely cheesy and very poorly researched .
1 in this her second venture as a director , ms. gavras has done her old man proud .
0 it 's just too grisly , and lacks any real element of humor at all .
1 the story is very straightforward swann must make an appearance on a tv variety show hosted by king kaiser to appease the irs .
1 the batman series has climbed , fallen , climbed and fallen again .
1 the actors have a lot of fun with their characters , too .
1 pavarotti and the entire cast are superb in this beautifully filmed opera by giuseppe verdi , the world 's finest composer of operas .
0 and the worst part is the ending just falls flat on its face with absolutely no real climax .
0 do n't waste your time seeing this piece of ... something .
1 and you do become invested in it .
0 it looks like someones home movie and i do n't think more than $ 100 was spent making it ! ! !
1 definitely an underrated performance for 2008 .
1 his power and emotion was so much deserving of the 1952 oscar which finally went to gary cooper in high noon .
0 this movie is a waste of time .
1 it surprised me , and i could n't stop talking about it .
0 my grade : d
0 this film should be shown to prisoners of war , yes , it 's that bad .
1 jim carrey has unmistakably moved from the cheesy comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today .
1 wyman convincingly plays a drama student who gets involved over her head in a purely hitchcockian case of murder .
1 do yourself a favor and go see this film despite the subtitles .
0 in the end of the brainless flick , the mafia hit men are about the take revenge on the poor guy trying to shoot him !
1 this film is a must see for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor .
1 i 've shown it to a number of people and everyone seems to agree hands down .
1 malcolm macdowell is nothing short of amazing as alex .
1 watch mick as he get his rocks off during all down the line , as he pushes charlie to kick it out even harder .
1 a film with a unique , bitter sweet and poetic mood that manages to be funny and tragic at the same time .
0 this movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with completely unlikable people and a script that you could tell did n't exist .
0 the plot goes nowhere , the writing is contrived , senseless and the characters paper thin .
1 while , they are searching for the car , they are also reminiscing about the series that they did together .
1 i am , i repeat , utterly fascinated with the puzzle which is the premise with this new sci-fi series .
0 i got so bored that i walked out of the movie theatre .
1 it is about norwegian crazy fans , going to the world cup in soccer in germany 2006 .
1 stewart conveys all the courage , conviction and heartbreak of a man that has lost his child and would do anything to get him back brilliantly .
1 it is a beautiful look into a time that has past , within which people are growing up , and others are winding down .
1 i personally found it to be a movie about coping with dreams : particularly those which are lost .
0 three girls visiting a small town to cover a festival , end up renting rooms in a house they should have avoided like the plague .
0 we never really get to know them , or understand what functions they have , and we see no real sign that they 're part of a larger cult .
1 if there is any fault it would be with the breath taking beauty of gene tierney who seems oddly out of place with the hardened cop .
1 other than the sheer chaos of all the little girls doing terrible things , he delivers much of the film 's pleasure .
1 i recommend this book to students age 14 and up .
0 i understand charlie sheen doing this at the time - another movie equaled more money - as for donald sutherland and linda hamilton ... why ?
0 from the creator of `` dexter 's laboratory '' comes an unjustly praised exercise in beating up `` star wars '' for more lunch money .
1 he was and still is one of the best comic actors in hollywood history .
1 i love how you are able to identify with the character , since right off the bat he give us some vital information about himself .
1 this work was televised as a pbs special .
0 this is 2 hours you can never , ever get back .
0 in short , i 'd rather be stranded in the middle of the desert than having to see this film again .
1 i just love this series and hope to see something like it soon !
1 they 've made a magnificent , touching movie , a candy for eye and heart .
0 in the film , the characters and set were just some of the let downs that occurred in the movie .
1 some bad cgi and simple plot end spoilers otherwise this is a great film to watch .
0 i would have given 6 out of 10 , but the last few seconds of the film dropped the rating to 1 .
0 he walks off and the film mercifully ends .
1 the movie is n't sophisticated but is charming in its own way , a kind of national geographic with soul .
0 4 ) where did all the female dragons go at the end ?
0 if you ca n't see a stage play then at least see the olivier version instead of this drivel !
0 it 's got the typical gore that you 'd expect in a zombie movie , but none of the required atmosphere to make it worth while .
0 i actually turned this off about 2/3 of the way through .
0 it should have been named sisters of talk , because thats all that happens .
0 rain or shine falls into the category of just plain dreadful .
0 pathetic delivery - script and direction .
0 not only that , this movie is boring .
1 an outstandingly dramatic soundtrack is coupled with some of the most powerful and unique visuals i 've ever seen .
0 but i do n't have to be stuck watching this ridiculous film with its deep implications ... for quite so long .
1 i give `` do n't torture a duckling '' a 7 out of 10 .
0 as for this version , i will give it an overall rating of 2/10 , mainly for the idea .
1 i 'm giving it an 8 .
1 mann 's uncanny and infamous eye for precision and uncompromising realism is a marvel of stylish substance in itself .
1 i do n't think a lot of viewers absorb most of this show 's content , but if they do , kudos to television viewers everywhere .
1 it 's not often a mini-series sends me to the `` zone '' , but this one did .
0 this movie is complete crap from beginning to end .
0 the acting was okay , but the story was a complete mess .
1 the women hit it off and things proceed at pace until the trio are joined by the man who will become knightly 's husband .
1 in summary , i give this movie a 10 rating .
0 so we meet in the middle at 3/10
1 starts slow and goofy , gets better as it goes along .
0 the acting is so bad its not possible to comprehend and the script is awful .
1 it is a not a special movie because it talks about a normal couple , and normality is the center of this movie .
0 the guy who wrote and directed this garbage should be put on death row for making them follow his brain-dead script .
0 each character is so poorly conceived that it 's no wonder these actors look so listless .
1 i love just about every one of the shorts that they have made .
0 the characters all became wooden , and unemotional .
1 an extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings .
1 i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie .
1 anyway , we really enjoyed this movie just like we enjoy most of eddie murphy 's movies .
1 a drama who can keep you with the eyes on it 'till the end .
1 it 's just one of the many examples in casino royale that shows film-making at its laziest .
1 it 's also very different from the typical 70s horror formula .
1 it 's not perfect in its production or even its dialog , but the story is unique which is saying a lot for modern `` romantic '' comedies .
1 first , visconti 's movie seems to touch all psychology and actions that people may do in life , in particular those absorbed by desire .
0 this piece of worthless rubbish could only be made in australia .
0 it 's an outright tragedy that they can compare this trash to 'the office ' and get away with it .
0 to the film 's credit , ed french 's cyborg puppet head is pretty impressive and actually emotes better than 3/4 of the cast .
0 maybe if the clown 's had some kind of personality , this would have been good , but it 's really dull .
0 some unintentional humor ... at some point leonard tells how he influenced a musical genre .
1 after a stint trying his hand as a comedian , robert deniro is back to his dramatic roots with an outstanding performance .
0 please , why on earth did bava had to add insult to injury making this pathetic piece of follow up crap ?
1 the ensemble cast is well taken without reserve , all creating striking but not overpowering characters along the way .
1 there is truly something about ms. cassidy 's eyes that leaves `` a mark . ''
0 bill goldberg looks like he is having the time of his life on this film , and he makes a fair stab at filling the requisite comedic villain role .
0 most of the fighters are really unfit and shabby people , and there are n't much that reminds me of true martial arts skills .
0 why would anyone ever direct such a bad , bad movie .
0 combination of raucous comedy and musical interludes are hindered by the poor staging .
0 this movie is the biggest load of bs i have ever had the misfortune to witness on a tv screen .
0 only seek this one out if you have to see every cannibal movie ever made .
0 i 'm giving it a 2/10 .
0 it has some beautiful landscape shots and really good cinematography but it ends up being dull and sluggish .
1 well actually , it does n't , because this film is everything a hollywood film is n't - original , creative , quirky and humorous .
0 like most disaster plots , this one 's full of holes .
1 despite the poor acting by some , `` the corpse vanishes '' is an enjoyable movie for all to see .
1 this version is as true to shakespeare as any film i have seen .
1 this movie is really true and i can identify with it 100 % .
1 had the clues been planted more in the movie , one would have said about that it is a masterpiece indeed .
1 but do n't let the plot fool you , the film truly is hilarious and the acting is superb .
0 obviously the effects are not up to par with contemporary batman films , but even the script is awful .
0 i gave it 2 out of 10 .
0 starts really well , nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes , the charm is lost .
0 i made it through the first hour , so i reckon i 'm just qualified to comment , but that was my limit .
1 the edit and design is organic , maintaining the feel of the period the story grew out of .
0 i can not say the same for this one , i never would have thought i would be turning it off half way through due to pure boredom .
0 the film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of grindhouse cinema , but it really does n't come off .
1 i wo n't tell what happens at the end , just so i do n't spoil it too much and you decide to watch it .
0 this is the worst film i have ever had the misfortune to watch .
0 it was horrid ... sad one second , then hard rock the next .
1 every time i watch this film , and i still do , regularly , there is always something new in it .
0 i remembered this awful movie i bought at camelot music store in the summer of 1989 when i was visiting my grandparents .
1 if margaret mitchell could came to live again , she would die one more time at the very moment she 'd find out what scarlett became after gwtw .
1 it won multiple festival awards , including best actor for jeremy sisto .
0 it 's so sloppy and choppy that it serves only to confuse the audience .
1 just like a really bad old horror movie , it might fail one way but succeeds to give joy anyway .
1 it is refreshing to see a female character in this sort of film who is every bit as tough and interesting as a male counterpoint .
0 he spoke like there was something important about his work , but after a viewing of this , i see nothing of any import whatsoever .
0 i gave it a 1 out of 10
1 quincy dealt with issues as relevant today as they were in the 70 's and 80 's .
1 pure orson welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies .
0 first off - these parents did n't act like parents .
0 the use of music is also atrocious , music library stuff plugged in randomly and starting and ending without any logic .
1 farley is non stop funny and so is the cast surrounding him .
0 it 's only mildly amusing in parts , and excruciating in others .
1 there are no rules , no enduring loyalties , and no right or wrong -- just the treasure and whatever it takes to get it .
0 the over-done sound effects were annoying as well ; basically , i did n't know if i was watching a movie about bigfoot or grizzly bears .
1 william walton 's music also makes a great contribution to the film , and is now rightly in the concert hall .
0 4/10 fair comedy , gross out film .
0 i believe it now and wish i had n't bothered ; a night to dismember is not recommended .
0 the so called plot is simply an excuse to provide grounds for one sex scene after another .
1 much of this is because the prints were hand painted -- making annabelle appear red and other colors as she does her amazing dance .
1 patricia arquette , as usual , gives a wonderfully convincingly and believable performance as the emotionally wounded laura .
0 i was hoping that at least the dummy would be hilarious , but his dialogue is pretty stale .
1 its a shame that it was not integrated into the movie as itself or an orchestrated version of the song .
1 otherwise it is an effective performance , in a role where his character is compromised by its intellectual limitations , but brooks and hunter slightly overshadow hurt 's performance .
1 this is one of the best wwii films surrounding the victims of the holocaust .
1 a moving , thought provoking , funny look at love that i think should be an absolute romantic classic up there with casablanca and breakfast at tiffany 's .
1 john has proved himself as well , this is his first comedy role and he was also excellent at it .
1 this is one of the best movies i have ever seen !
1 i 've now seen this film twice , and i must say i enjoyed it both times .
1 it is georges who opens a new access to the world for him and who makes him view his life with different eyes .
1 his ability to create these challenging characters and put them in situations that i never saw coming was outstanding .
0 that 's because although it has some nice camera-work and style , the film is hopelessly dull and uninvolving .
1 to say any more regarding what develops would be too much , but nurse betty is certainly original .
1 understanding the history of black families during slavery may be used to help understand the black family today in it 's struggles to have cohesiveness .
1 they travel cross country to return a briefcase to dream girl mary swanson , and meet many interesting characters along their way .
0 many may argue that this film shows the struggle that people go through , dealing with violence in america , but the film never actually gives us a solution .
1 when anchors aweigh was finished , fred astaire at last had a dancing rival for monarch of cinema dance .
1 i think that this movie will be a hit , and will be seen over and over again my many people .
1 kiefer sutherland 's jack bauer runs circles around ryan in generally the same plot only more intense , frighteningly timely and on a more epic scale .
1 the story itself was incredible but came alive by spielberg 's expertise and the fabulous cast including whoopi goldberg , oprah winfrey , danny glover , and margaret avery .
0 do not trust anyone who tells you to watch this movie , they are attempting to do you a psychic injury .
1 helena bonham carter also surprised me with her character .
1 rated ' r ' by the mpaa , for vulgar language , some adult situations & much smoking .
1 it 's a shame though there is no doubt that some talent was involved with this production and although deeply flawed it remains original and creative .
0 i have n't seen such a bad shark for ages ! !
0 hodiak has leading man looks but very little presence .
0 my wife and i both agree that this is one of the worst movies ever made .
1 magnificent performances from two pros make a splendid movie well worth seeing .
1 you really feel like you know magnum , and i think it 's because he 's just a little messed up that makes him feel real to you .
1 i tend to like historical films and get new ideas for costumes for my historical group , and a friend recommended this one to me .
1 as with another sports film of 2005 - `` cinderella man '' - here is another excellent movie that got unjustly ignored when it came to awards .
1 i love indie films and this one is just great .
0 the beginning is bearable , but it goes downhill pretty quickly .
0 the worst part about it was the contestants .
1 a film that definitely changed my view and made me think .
0 my take finds it a sadly predictable film that proceeded to take me on a lack luster , unwelcome and irritating journey .
1 but it is the tantalizing glimpse into the inner workings of the world 's first ` first family ' that makes ` i , claudius ' so much fun .
0 this movie is as flat and dull as wes anderson 's mind .
0 this is the worst movie i have seen in recent memory .
0 the actors are quite good , but the plot lines are dead and can not be brought back to live .
0 the acting was bad , the pacing was bad , the cinematography was bad , the directing was bad , the `` special '' effects were bad .
0 * 1/2 star out of **** keep in mind steven spielberg is my all-time favorite director .
0 this worthless piece of garbage is an absolute embarrassment and shame to the amazing anime series .
1 the movie leaves enough unsaid to conclude what you will & develops gradually in a matter fitting to aid the suspense .
0 in short , there was no point to this story at all other than to point out that the film business can be pretty brutal .
1 this is a masterpiece of comic acting .
0 this love-story of his is sooooo boring , 1000 times to be seen before and flat as a sheet of paper !
1 this is the third zombie film that i have watched this week , and , to my surprise , it is also the best .
0 in other words , he 's not seemingly human , so how can captain leary and his gang of would-be commandos stop this menace ?
1 i liked listening to him even before i knew he was jeff bennett .
1 so , my advice is at the end , just suspend disbelief and enjoy .
0 i 'm kicking myself for wasting time , giving this piece of garbage a chance .
0 the story is bad , camera is bad , lighting is bad and guess what acting is bad .
1 the viewer lives and breaths the ordeal of the characters in a way that no other tv series has ever managed .
1 in the end , a powerhouse film , 8/10 .
0 they awake the vampire woman in a scene that rips off bava 's mask of satan very badly .
1 the battle of the river plate , if made by anyone other than powell and pressburger , might well be seen as a quirky classic of its genre .
0 i made it about an hour through before i simply had enough .
0 special effects : not my specialty , but for a low-budget flick i suppose the makeup and gun play was acceptable .
0 dim , atmospheric lighting and william forsythe looking insanely creepy as a murderous clown .
0 the 1989 film has some good points , but , unlike the 1945 , 1965 , and 1974 versions , it grows less enjoyable with each viewing .
0 the effects were cheesy , and looked terribly fake .
0 other than that , there 's little reason to seek out this film , even for fellow fans of low-budget horror .
0 it 's the most pointless thing i 've ever had the displeasure of watching .
1 actually , it was one of the best `` party tapes '' i have ever had the pleasure of watching .
1 great balance between the action and the story .
0 jessie ventura sounds bored , through half the thing , and you can tell when he mentions he finds the development of hogan vs andre more interesting .
0 the plot is nothing spectacular or original , and does remotely resemble highlander , but it certainly ai n't no highlander .
0 it certainly was n't the worst movie i have ever seen , but it 's down there .
1 `` hausu '' from 1977 , is one of the strangest japanese films i 've ever laid eyes on .
0 first , the saving grace of the movie is the script till the point himesh runs away from the jail .
1 i feel like south park actually explores a lot of social and political issues way more than other serious movies that try to get deep .
0 this is the worst movie i 've ever seen .
1 i have been a star trek fan for as long as i can remember .
0 everything that can be wrong with any kind of film is wrong here , from the casting and acting to the editing and music .
0 he manages to suck every joke out of the script , leaving the whole production flat .
0 it had a little potential , but it was beyond a mess .
0 poor dinah hunter : through no fault of her own , she ends up incarcerated while driving from los angeles to new york .
1 instead it hides behind bigotry and hatred , perfectly depicting the social attitudes of it 's times .
0 3 out of 10 stars .
1 i strongly recommend this film to everyone who appreciates good cinema .
0 no gore , no blood , no gratifying death scenes ... dumb dumb dumb dumb .
1 some juvenile reviewers seem not to grasp this , which is fully excused , since they of course will live forever ...
0 even though movie-making is all about make believe , there were certain noticeable screenplay inconsistencies .
0 mumbling voices was the end result , and the cinematography was average to fair at best .
1 i still think the premiere episode and some of the subsequent ones were some of the best work ever done in science fiction .
1 the best perry white there is ever likely to be .
1 in total , they did 32 episodes over parts of 2 seasons .
0 i wanted to like this film , but i could n't find one merit in the story , characters , writing , dialog , nor the actors .
0 lifts can only go up or down but this movie moves in so many unlikely directions
0 or having the random pairing of music stars dennis wilson and james taylor , accompanied by warren oates , would make it an oddity of movie casting .
1 it may not seem as funny at times but certain episodes are still hilarious .
1 so , give it a watch , but do it with the sound turned off .
1 she has refused to resort to prostitution so she has not eaten for several days , but the two take very well to each other and form a relationship .
1 william chang seems to be incredibly versatile and is an unsung hero for this movie .
1 its about people and how they deal with tragedy .
1 the impression of great adventures brought distinctively to life in `` i love a mystery '' is still vivid in my memory .
0 the movie is too long , the acting is most of the time a joke and the script is horrible .
1 of the heath ledger movies i have seen , this is perhaps his best role .
1 great acting , great plot , great dialogue , great suspense .
0 most of all i think the film is very bad cast .
0 it 's a fable about artistic freedom and tyranny which ca n't help winning the heart and mind of anyone who holds freedom as a natural right .
1 a real window into a specific time and place in history .
0 not only was it like `` the big chill , '' it was a rip-off almost character by character .
1 this is non stop and will truly leave you on the edge of your seat for most of the way .
1 as quoted in the song , it 's a tale as old time , song as old as rhyme , beauty and the beast .
0 the martial arts action is all special effects and no human talent .
0 the film lacks humanity , it lacks poetry and above all it lacks interest .
0 this film is a complete waste of time and celluloid .
0 most of the situations they find themselves in are really uninspired and lacking in creativity ... and the bonding the two of them under go is cheesy and forced .
1 filled with coincidences , all three tales are , it presents the surprises we do n't see coming .
1 savage wit and penetrating observations about the american society , are just a few ingredients that help make this movie a winner .
1 hellbent is a fantastic modern horror film , not to be missed !
1 i became more emotionally attached to this movie than any other i have ever watched .
0 i am not sure who recommended surveillance to me , but i think i have an idea : one of the `` fat guys at the movies . ''
0 fourth - the film 's entertainment value was n't half that of other wildlife films such as `` march of the penguins '' and `` winged migration '' .
0 marie wilson , playing an heiress who falls for a military man , is exceptionally hard and unsympathetic .
0 ideas are `` old '' , gags on nazis , on their way to speak and march , are boring and annoying .
1 this movie is simply great fun and has a lot in common with the rest of director hal needham 's films , i.e .
1 i hope this film comes to be recognized as the classic i already believe it is .
1 other films that were nominated for best picture was apocalypse now , norma rae , breaking away and all that jazz .
1 but to choose the bad uniformly at the expense of the good , as this film does at every turn , suggests a warped sensibility at work .
1 miike 's typically cynical detachment from his work makes for another one of his zany spectacles , and with stunningly vivid production design .
0 as a comedy which it is supposed to be , it 's dreadful .
0 this film is apparently comedy , at least it tries to be comical , but it seems like the comedy and the storyline was written by a teenager .
1 i saw this movie today and ca n't believe i waited so long after its release to see it .
0 acting was amateurish .
0 about the only good thing in this movie is the talent of griffin dunne , but his best efforts were easily overshadowed by madonna 's obnoxious performance .
0 waste of talented actors .
1 i 'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england , but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it .
0 it surprised me that such amateur actors in the movie business were given such large roles .
1 it had tons of surprises , and it gave some more closure to the series .
1 this magnificent and somewhat surreal show teaches about the importance of every life and helps give an understanding to the reasons that most of the prisoners are there .
0 even the aborted `` captain america '' movie from the early 90 's is far less excruciating than squirming in your seat while you try to endure this mess .
1 `` birthday girl '' have certain beauty and crudeness in its scenes , but at the same time , certain touching nature , and makes it so deeper .
0 my vote is four .
1 the characters ring true and the plot is interesting - dramatic with touches of humor .
0 go see something like death nurse or blood lake and then come back to me and tell me if you think the night brings charlie is the worst .
1 this film captures the feeling of the late 1970s and early 1980s horror with the young boy stumbling upon a plot of large , sinister proportions .
1 aside from one flashback sequence , to get the story going , the movie flows along wonderfully and logically .
0 i have always loved the phelps twins , but this time around they hardly got any screen time at all .
0 they took one of the finest plays written in the last century and methodically robbed it of its heart , humor and humanity .
1 its a pretty crazy concept and the movie mixes numerous movie types , such as science-fiction , action , horror , a racing movie , drama and much more .
0 low key , often to the point of blandness , `` action '' comedy mostly just does n't work .
1 consistently the remarks were that we did n't expect it to be so good !
1 however , once it does , it 's clouzot at his best .
0 he was heading in the right direction , but had neither the script or originality to take it there .
0 there was only one time where i did jump but other than that , it was n't scary .
1 a fun romp .
0 why is he there , he has nothing to do with the movie .
0 corrupt partner who caused the whole thing gets fried alive together with his payoff money .
0 it was meant to be intriguing but was n't .
0 save film and stop the madness , mr director .
0 the lead actor is just plain awful - his performance is incredibly affected and bland , with almost no nuance .
1 in `` moonstruck '' , however , i think she was incredibly well suited to her role , and came off as thoroughly believable in a relatively unbelievable situation .
0 the director tried some bold moves and techniques but poor anna just was n't worthy of them .
0 it paints a picture so unredeemable that i ca n't help but wonder about it 's legitimacy and bias .
0 as much as i enjoyed the plot and themes , the dialogue was not consistent in quality .
0 well , at least this was the last sequel that i could find at blockbuster , because this movie was just downright horrible .
0 another non sense film with a very weak plot and an old steve mcqueen , which acting was just acceptable .
0 unfortunately , murder by television is that rare low-budget lugosi film that actually is kind of boring and static .
1 romantic comedy does n't get much better than this .
0 oh yes , i should add that judy garland has considerable talents , but none of them are properly exploited in this filmic dross .
0 there is no depth to the story and even the acting seems superficial .
1 probably admitting that the film would never ever be shown in st. petersburg itself .
1 this truly is a well acted and enjoyable biography .
1 the first part of `` tower of evil '' is a bit dull , but the rest of the movie is exciting .
1 she planted all the right seeds for us to see the clown just waiting to emerge , given the right set of circumstances .
1 the slight glory ; yet the only one , and the effort that was put to reach it makes us feel closer to andreas .
0 the dialog was stilted and sometimes unintentionally hilarious .
1 this film delivers enough shocks to keep you on the edge of your seat for a while .
1 anyways this episode really touched me , and i do n't think anyone else can make a better view of what happens in a almost death experience .
1 his film is steeped in a unique atmosphere ; there is no narration .
0 most of the actors , with the exceptions of collins , pacino , and the actor playing the duke in the trial scene , mumble their dialogue .
1 pitt is fierce in this film .
1 as the journey proceeds and the seasons move from fall into a harsh winter the mood of the film becomes ever more bleak .
1 `` fame '' is a very well done portrait of the students who inhabit new york city 's high school of the arts .
0 even `` the phantom menace '' had better acting and that is not saying a great deal .
0 i like steven seagal but i have not a clue what this movie was about .
0 i did n't expect a masterpiece in `` dracula 's widow '' of 1989 , but i was still somehow disappointed .
0 the romance was tepid and the laughs were weak and few .
1 it 's hard to believe that so many years have gone by since this movie was made .
0 my 10 year old could have written a better script ... btw , my 10 year old fell asleep ... no kidding .
1 pair up with scott 's beverley hills cop 2 for a great retro night in .
0 as for the episode , it was a passable episode , if not a bit earnest .
0 the plot is thin to the point of being nonsensical .
1 knocked up and juno are hilarious , heartwarming and have endings that leave you with a smile on your face .
0 i feel sorry for the actors that had to put up with such a poor script .
1 anyone who has gone through difficult times as a child or teenager will be able to relate to this movie .
1 i ca n't imagine , even in 1942 , that people would have seen and believed this segment at all .
1 if you 've seen enough of his films , you wo n't be disappointed .
1 this film is a moving , authentic look at an issue that should not even be an issue .
1 i 'm not familiar with soviet film of the 70s and am not familiar with any of the actors , but they are all superb .
0 what a terrible waste of my time it was .
1 though flawed , i thought overall this method added to the fun loving nature of the film and kept it very entertaining .
0 therefore , such opinions about the movie rose as being `` too slow '' , `` unendurable '' or `` endless boredom '' .
1 hats off to sam shepard , and all the other actors and crew for this piece .
0 no progression of the characters .
0 this movie was so sloppily drawn and animated .
0 the rogue was a good actor , but his part was similarly inane and the character completely unlikable .
1 ps - i watched this again last night after not having seen it for many years - it was even better than i remembered !
0 the actors obviously only did this film for a paycheck .
0 i only revisited this disaster to put myself to sleep last night .
1 i 'd really like to read and/or see the original coward play , but lubitsch 's version is undoubtedly a very good film .
0 the atrociously shallow performances do n't help bronson has literally one facial expression throughout and ca n't even put inflection on the right words .
1 we still do n't know when we 'll see each other again , but we will .
1 i can not accurately say how many times i have watched this fine film but , i never tire of it .
1 for any fan of nickelodeon who used to watch the network in the 80s and 90s , there was always something good on .
1 yeah there 's some other stuff in the movie that sucks too , but that 's what 's important .
1 while this film 's animation has n't the beauty of other disney flicks , it still retains enough of the magic to keep you riveted .
0 just plug in a jewish family , an italian family , a black family , or an irish family .
1 following the steps of a man incapable of controlling a drastic personality change spurred by the death of a close relative pic offers a fascinating examination of human psychology .
0 it just never grabbed me and made me want to care about anyone , including `` dallas '' star jared martin or fred williamson .
1 john leguizamo 's one man show is both funnier and more involving than most movies you 'll see .
0 from the first scene in the movie i knew i was in for a bad time .
1 the color and the lighting and the overall cinematography in this movie was especially pleasing , also .
1 there are times when the clichés and caricatures can become a bit too heavy , but overall it works .
0 the script is the same story as the acting `` awful '' if there was better acting and a better script this could have turned out `` okay '' .
0 in another scene , the bad guys inject a slice of watermelon with what i assume is some sort of toxic substance .
0 do n't waste your money on this one , folks , as that is the only way to get hollywood to stop churning out these shambolic pieces of rubbish .
1 both films have a lot of smiles through the tears .
1 as usual , bunuel 's target is catholicism , but i do n't think he tried to mock the church as he often does .
1 it was a victorious evening for youth and rebellion .
0 i have very little to say about this `` movie '' since i understand very little of what went on .
0 while i tried to like this movie and the story definitely had a lot of potential , there were major problems and this one had a snore factor .
0 if you want to be an actor , see this film and you 'll see great examples on horrible acting .
0 do n't get me wrong - i wrote all these comments not because i thought the show was bad , but because i was very disappointed .
0 but the story line with the detective who 's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible .
0 it 's slow moving , has a lackluster budget , poor character development , repetitive dialogue and an uneven script .
0 i 've seen some bad cheesy horror movies in my time , hell i 'm a fan of them , but this was just an insult .
0 in conclusion , i do n't have any good moments to remember , so one viewing would be enough for me .
1 this movies is good for a lazy sunday afternoon and is really refreshing if you have n't watched the original tv serial .
1 i easily dare to call this film a masterpiece it 's an old-fashioned giallo that includes all brilliant aspects of genuine horror .
0 this has got to be the worst film i have ever seen .
0 if you loved `` there 's something about mary '' or `` meet the parents '' , then do n't bother to see this movie .
1 inuyasha is the single most awesome anime tv show and tv show period .
0 the characters are all stupid , and there is not one funny scene in the entire movie .
0 it did n't have any bloopers or any exciting parts like their other movies .
1 as time marched on , i sorta forgot about some of these but thanks to moving to los angeles and the `` z '' channel 10 years later ...
1 this really is a film that everybody needs to own , especially , aspiring filmmakers .
0 however , it falls flat on its farcical face and just fails at everything it wants to be and achieve .
1 this film addresses a niche which is not mainstream , but real ... disappointed americans living and working , trying their best , yet opposed by the realities .
0 maclaine is the only real asset .
0 there are no classic whoopi moments and she looks terribly bored .
0 once you know it 's fiction , you can look back and see just how incredibly ridiculous the whole thing is .
0 but , the funniest aspect of this movie was the fact that these actors seemed to take their roles so seriously and spewed some really awful dialog .
1 duncan pace , the director and editor of the lost princess , has created a film that will delight all ages .
0 the one good thing about this film is the performance by his blind friend , well played by jeff daniels .
1 i believe this movie was definitely a chilling reality about the ghetto 's pride in respect and power .
0 i give it 4 stars out of 10 -- if your 12 years old , and dont know better , then you might love it .
0 i was really looking forward to this being a fan of cary grant , irene dunne and screwball comedies , but i was very disappointed .
1 the theme is a dark examination of desire , asking - is it inseparable from a lust for control ?
0 the film includes bad actors , goofs , and the toxic junk should n't even be in it .
1 it will make you laugh and think about the good old day 's .
0 the ending is so over-used it shames the finer points of the whole movie -- what few there were .
1 a captivating element of the relationship between her and willis is their sense of `` seeing '' each other before , in another place or time .
0 anyway , what better place to take refuge than this particular building ?
0 i 'll give it 3/10 , and that 's only because some of the nice shots of the australian bush make me feel generous .
1 karl malden , bob newhart , peter ustinov and maggie smith were just wonderful .
0 on the other hand , if you are hanging around waiting for kill bill volume 3 or sin city 2 then you probably should stay away .
0 some of their lines seemed to be ripped out of a bad fan fiction : `` you 're the ghost here lady ! ''
0 you wo n't believe how this movie builds him up as a super a**hole only to have absolutely no payoff !
0 i keep trying to think of one that was n't - possibly the mother , but that 's it .
0 usually i can not stand these types of movies however i found this tolerable .
1 this movie gets funnier by the second -- like when jackie chan 's character finally dies in his final fight scene .
1 what more could you ask for ?
0 i 'm normally not so picky about movies but this one just bugs me .
0 i think his performance was really good and one of his best , but i do n't like the character at all .
0 it was cool when spielberg did it in jaws , but now every talentless director thinks it 'll give his film suspense , but it 's just irritating .
0 this threadbare , bottom of the barrel effort will certainly hold you in suspense as you wonder to yourself ' '' will it ever end ?
1 i ca n't get enough of his special kind of colorful camp .
1 while it still holds up as an adult , i was fortunate to have learned from it many times over years ago .
0 this train-wreck begins with brujo and alma crossing the mexican border .
1 and it has a lot of philosophical undertones to it , and many similar ideas and stories like this occur in historical philosophy .
0 while suvari does a decent job with a flat , lifeless script , the other actors are incredibly stiff , awkward and unconvincing .
1 nightbreed is also barker 's most entertaining film .
0 amy poehler simply goes through the same motions she would for a 7 minute snl skit which is about as funny as snl lately .
1 we open with a quiet , arid los angeles ghost town and we feel the depressing solitude of heston 's character take shape .
1 every tourist should see this film before heading to the northern territory .
0 yes i know cry wolf did it and did it well , but this is n't `` cry wolf '' , it 's `` scream crap '' !
1 this less than perfect but still solid film clearly deserves to be seen and treasured .
0 but in the 21st century , few people would really be willing to sit through this archaic mess .
0 i could 've understand it in his early years when he had lower budgets but nowadays there is no excuses for giving birth to this !
0 if you are a true transformers fan then stay away from this like the plague .
1 this film really does show the future to be bright for lundgren , should he carry on directing his own movies .
1 the great vincent price has done many fantastic horror films , some of which range among the greatest genre gems of all-time .
1 if you are a fan of bruce , i highly recommend it .
0 if it were n't for good acting , i 'd have given this movie a 1/10 .
1 this is another fantasy favorite from ralph bakshi ; after watching it on youtube that is .
1 this movie , by far , is my favorite romance movie !
0 once we went back to the other female , the movie tanked .
1 this movie is one of my all time favorite movies ! ! !
1 stanley kubrick remains to this day , even after his death , as one of the best filmmakers of all time .
1 this surreal comedy pokes fun at our tastes , upper class , parenting , government , desires , expectations , and everyday rituals .
1 some of his most memorable -- and most often read -- creations provide us with wistful humor , gentle poetry and hilarious slapstick .
0 i watched this movie against the advice of the screenwriter ; i understand he was tempted to remove his name from the credits .
1 not hitchcock 's best maybe , but certainly better than `` i confess . ''
0 finally the corny jokes , the general atmosphere and the canned laughter were the biggest issues of mine .
0 laura ramsey plays the `` final girl '' jenny , and though she is nice , as per usual in many horror movies , she is rather bland .
1 first rate acting , first rate direction , first rate sets and effects .
0 what an awful waste of two hours .
0 the girls themselves are hot & adorable , with wonderful lean bodies , and even though they never get naked , their outfits leave little to the imagination .
1 it 's a piece of art , it 's a true classic .
1 i suggest anyone who loves quirky movies watch this one - just ignore the cover art and rent it already !
1 the movie has rich colors which reminded me a little bit of bollywood movies .
1 james stewart and doris day are incredible in this movie .
1 it is great to see that it is still possible to make movies this way ...
0 not that the hitcher is any better , and i was looking for a crummy movie to watch anyway , but this was almost unbearable at times .
1 despite the writers setting up long drawn out examples of how different their characters are , both leads approach their roles in the same manner .
0 the band performed too many of their songs on screen .
1 you get sucked into the story , and you really feel for the characters by the end .
0 the best thing i found in the entire flick were the assault weapons carried by the cast .
0 much of the scene is showing another character 's reaction shots , since we 're not seeing anything ourselves .
1 the idea makes more and more sense as you progress through the story .
0 second , jerry is living in the pool table .
1 robert conrad and lloyd gough ably play the tough guy thugs who want charley to sell his soul for money .
1 my advice is to go out and get this film immediately and watch it and enjoy .
0 the relationship between wentworth and anne is devoid of feeling .
1 as a mystery , it works very fine as well although i think most people might be able to pick out the murderer well before either withers or piper .
0 as for the actors , very poor choice .
0 george and renee , you should be ashamed of yourselves and stop being stop stinking greedy .
0 this movie had horrible acting , what must have been an insanely low budget , and the directing was quite poor .
1 the movie recreation of the 1930 's is colorful and elegant made with a very tight budget .
0 truly bad .
1 even after all these years , this remain `` a perfect movie '' for me .
1 when i was a kid this was just one of greatest show i ever knew .
0 there 's no mystery , no suspense , and no plot points to care about .
1 wallace and gromit are the main characters in some of the best cartoons ever crafted .
0 this must be one of the most unbelievable , predictable and cheesy television movies i have seen in a long time .
1 the parents and sister played their roles well but their characters are put in when necessary .
1 take it from me , watch this film .
0 this has got to be the worst .
1 buddy holly did n't give up on what he liked .
1 you could quibble about a few technical things but the piece is funny and inspired enough that you ca n't care too much .
0 the cinematography is not excellent , but not the worst either .
0 if one were to write a documentary about clichés , they could use this movie to supplement any single example of cliché that one could possibly think of .
1 so if you like good drama with an original story go for this one !
0 with the exception of a few sporadic and impressive performances , there is nothing american gun really offers .
1 innerspace is enjoyable entertainment , not to be taken seriously .
0 the producers of this mess chose another route , which leads only to head-scratching on the part of any informed viewer .
1 the makers of the movie only add a few f word to make this a r , all of the violence are kept pg-13 level .
1 for those who like me have admired gabrielle , her scenes in this movie will not disappoint .
0 i know it 's based on a series of children 's books , but c'mon !
0 mark hamill 's presence is only laughable .
1 fans of david cronenberg should definitely not miss `` shivers '' , a film that i highly recommend to any lover of bizarre horror and exploitation cinema !
0 it 's really badly made .
0 there 's an amazingly slow car chase , in which bart shows what a useless super spy he is .
0 the only good part in this movie for me was when the reverend got punched out by ben .
1 alan hale usually played flynn 's sidekick , but here is his father , and it still all works .
0 i was very disappointed in this movie .
0 i think the maltin guide gives this a bomb rating .
1 apocalypto is a true piece of art , a true storyline , true acting , true suspense , true feelings ... .
0 it 's not a total mess , but it 's one of the worst films of the year .
1 i do n't know what you cinema fans think , but i think this remake is even better than george romero 's original movie from 1968 .
1 i hope you will enjoy it as much as out family has .
0 cheap special effects , errors in editing , bad acting , poor sets , costume errors , and a cheesy , flawed storyline .
1 kajol is the best actress ever of new generation .
1 it 's funny , moving , tragic , hilarious , just all in one .
1 things have a funny way of happening showing us what decision we have made verses the decision that we should have made .
0 i give this movie a 4 cause i 'm a die hard fan of the video game series .
0 the only real interest the film has is the pretty mediterranean scenery and the only teaming of williams and chandler , who were engaged for a time .
0 the basic core - a rich girl being flung into poverty suddenly - is there , but that 's about all that is .
0 this movie has a very hard time following and/or staying to a plot .
0 it 'd be difficult to believe she got offered worse scripts than this one
0 `` the skulls '' is a well known film starring paul walker , and `` the skulls 2 '' was the worst explanatory sequel since `` highlander 2 . ''
1 the laughs just keep coming .
1 this movie is by far the best aussie flick i have seen and probably would be my favourite movie .
0 there is n't one memorable song in the movie -- heard any hits from this movie ?
0 lee van cleef is the sadistic villain , and perhaps he had played a few too many sadistic villains by that point ; he has no flair here .
0 this movie has already wasted too much of my life so i am not going to waste anymore time writing my review for it .
0 the movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything , it just keeps plodding on .
1 tom cruise is fantastic , colin farrell is amazing , as well as samantha morton .
0 but this is what makes the film great , it 's total ineptness at everything , from creating suspense to scaring the viewer .
0 she used to be strong , independent and smart - now she 's depressed , whiny and helpless who ca n't do a single thing alone .
1 - campbell scott and stanley tucci do it here , and in the very highest style .
1 `` mr. blandings builds his own house '' is an extremely funny comedy , with witty lines and top-notch screenplay .
1 yours affectionately ,
1 the film explores the notion of nobility from highly contrasted perspectives and it offers plenty to discuss beyond the closing credits .
0 this movie looked fun on the cover and i honestly thought 'how bad can this be ? '
0 manitoba has a thriving movie industry - though you would never know it from watching this 90 minute waste of time .
1 great performances , especially from the late and very missed donald pleasence .
1 roll on to the christmas 2006 special , the 2005 christmas special was by far the best thing on television .
0 lazy , lazy , lazy ! ! !
1 also contributed to the story is that of the accomplished satire of class status and treatment , between the wealthy upper-class and working class who live in a slum .
1 i believe ring 0 was a phenomenal film and a brilliant prequel to the first two films ringu and ringu 2 .
1 definitely worth your money .
0 the script was beyond incoherent and do n't get me started with the acting .
1 i can not accurately say how many times i have watched this fine film but , i never tire of it .
1 i 've seen this movie more than once and it 's worth it .
1 however , if you like a fascinating mystery that keeps you thinking long after the credits , you wo n't be disappointed .
1 billy wilder 's the big carnival is the only film that is as bleak as this little masterpiece by kon ichikawa .
1 some of the lines in this movie are just unbeatable .
0 these characters all speak using the same voice and all they ever talk about is racism .
0 but whatever my own film 's failings i feel much better after seeing this ... this ... thing .
0 sadly , my brothers ' first film , this , was one of the worst films ever made , but i wo n't let that count !
0 while the previous instalment stayed somewhat true to the original this movie just turns the unnerving mythological presence of the candyman into a joke .
0 i bet the actors in this movie really wish they did n't agree to this one ... it was worse than a grade school recital .
1 in step with de palma 's vision , pacino plays montana larger-than-life , and he does it beautifully .
1 in this film , as well as `` lady eve '' , ms. stanwyck displays a knack for comedy .
1 the gas attack seems to hit every viewer very strongly , no wonder , and it certainly did hit me .
1 you never quite know where you are with the plot , which serves in making it all the more intriguing .
1 and their dialogues are well thought , very funny .
0 ok , not bad , but it would have had more punch if we had been allowed to see that mankind just generally degenerates , as in the book .
0 it had some good story lines but they ended abruptly as soon as it started .
1 each scene is ultimately a window into the tragedies , joys , and struggle with the negative elements in our society .
0 of the rest of the cast there was one good actor .
0 in reality , nothing much happens and the film drags on and on as veronica attempts to terrorize and dominate flavia .
0 so i have dutifully cast my imdb vote of 1 today .
0 the cgi effects were painfully obvious and of quality similar to an inexpensive video game .
1 and we the viewer understand all of this from just few quite scenes and remarkably good acting .
0 for everything he is credited for on this movie , he fails - miserably .
0 the book 's climax is not dramatic , yet far more thrilling than this crap about the kids meeting their new stepfather .
0 this made for a maddeningly boring watch it could have been so good : (
1 it really feels like a labor of love from bill paxton ; and i bet his son gets that .
1 this still remains as one of the highest rated daytime cartoon shows , and one of the most honored , winning several emmy awards .
0 the movie never set the proper mood and its pacing was rather disjointed and sloppy , unlike conan the barbarian which had multiple story lines that flowed gracefully .
1 it may not be as witty as spielberg 's classic tv series , but it 's still good .
1 watching the snapshot seems to be the motivation for this intense young man to go looking for his ancestors ' past in the ukraine .
0 it just failed to be funny .
0 there is hardly any action in this and what action there is is nothing more than very , very boring and unimaginative gunfights .
1 it 's one of my all time favorites because my father , nelson malone plays the horse trainer .
0 the characters were a mess and i really could n't care less what happened to them , their minds were already deteriorated to the point of no return .
1 the i inside is a complex movie and while some may dislike it for it 's complicating story lines others may just because of it .
1 there are dramatic elements but also a lot of very witty humor .
1 the film 's dialogue is natural , real to life .
1 perhaps many women just have a lower tolerance for disgusting or depressing plots -- but whatever the cause , i have always found this difference fascinating .
1 she and march do a great job together - he 's normally not known for his comedy but does well here .
0 first , the romance between wolf and phoebe is all wrong and does nothing for the story .
1 it is a film which will find it 's friends and i hope there are a lot of them out there .
1 close your eyes and it is a terrific concert , open them and view dorian grey 's hidden portrait .
1 even though it did n't work out how you wanted with the original film you have a fantastic piece of work and great viewing .
0 even the enjoyment of watching cute little mini coopers could n't make up for all the garbage that this movie contained .
0 yet another example of a must see movie that the everyday person will not receive access , as the high street cinema chains are full of hollywood funded nonsense .
1 no highschool film has ever done this better .
1 hardly any family that sent as many sons to the war was blessed to see them all return home .
0 that is something i never wish to experience again , along with the `` film '' itself .
0 what in krishna 's name went wrong here ?
0 one 's head & life must be deeply empty to mistake this shallow viciousness as `` interesting . ''
1 possibly the greatest thing about 'lost ' is the fact that we visit each character 's life before the crash in a series of flashbacks .
0 the jokes are familiar from better films but here they do n't gel .
1 so if i provide my understanding here and now , i think that would detract from the pleasure of unraveling it for yourself .
0 the acting is also much flatter and the technical aspects much less impressive .
1 as a result , most people have had to wait for it 's terrestrial uk broadcast to discover this film gem .
1 do not try to figure out why things are happening , just enjoy the way this film is so different from anything else .
0 after twenty minutes , i really gave up watching it since i really could not believe it could improve .
1 overall go see it immediately ! .
1 and unlike the coppola film , it is not dull and boring and static , but is filled with action and excitement .
1 van johnson does his best version of the classic oscar levant sidekick to kelly , and he provides a lot of amusing moments .
0 overall , this movie was okay but i do n't recommend it .
1 but the story more than compensated .
0 save your time and money and rent the original `` dial m for murder '' instead .
1 it was a magnificent cast and crew and i 'm just so glad to be apart of it !
1 very highly recommended !
0 the story is very loose , it might have been good , but with other actors and obviously with other screenplay .
0 the `` alien '' hands on the actors seemed to have been bought from the props department of another movie - another cheap , badly made movie .
0 the script , if there was one , credited to both milligan and hal sherwood is all over the place and is incredibly stupid .
1 the score completely sets the tone and this film would not be the same without it .
0 unfortunately , he bit off more than he could chew , and the result is awful .
1 i have never seen a murderer portrayed in such a manner , it was very unique .
0 grade : d
1 go and watch it and try to put yourself into the story , because weather you like it or not , you are part of it .
0 very very bad film , good thing i just rented it , do n't count on me to watch the sequel .
0 outstanding character acting by sarandon and walken is destroyed by editing and the antics of the supporting cast .
1 the hole is an effective little thriller that i thought was well worth watching although probably not more than once .
1 so when writer/director hal hartley came up with a new incarnation for his cast , a film was born .
1 amid the struggle through much pleasure and so much more pain , its compassion tells me i 'm not alone .
1 it 's a fabulous film for the whole family to watch and enjoy .
0 the supposed fireworks between haas and ryder is non-existent & the film is really unfocused .
1 as the plot goes forth , the moral and philosophical issues arising are inevitable , and the surprising end is a statement you ca n't forget .
0 jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone .
1 all the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun .
1 i first saw this on cable , amc , i think , and i loved it .
0 the plot is transparent ; the characters , unbelievably shallow , hackneyed and stock .
1 this is a classic film that captures an era of the break-up of the beatles .
1 i found this film to be very entertaining and believable .
1 the shock effects he plays on are never over the top and the plot progression is very intelligent and creative .
0 you never get to know any of the characters except for superficial slapstick .
0 any small chance that diaz had at being a serious actress is now completely done after that .
0 that 's right , 30 seconds of ceiling fan action .
0 things did perhaps get rather sentimental with the involvement of the couple 's children , although this is hardly the worst such offender in hollywood history .
1 deeply recommended , if you 're ready to invest 3 hours that might change your mind .
0 suffice to say , however , that the rest of the characters are so bad they make cage look good !
1 although it has been about 9 years since i have seen it , it is still one of my all-time favorites .
0 it had potential but fell short with completely false dialogue and horrible acting .
1 the beauty of eklavya does not lie in its theme , rather it 's the director 's vision and actors ' sincerity that make it stand out .
0 this waste of time is supposed to be an amusing spoof on low budget zombie movies .
0 the movie has many explosions , shots and car chase associated to an awful story and horrible acting .
0 the story went nowhere , the characters were hollow to say the least and the result was a very boring , pointless , waste of a film .
1 the characters are unforgettable .
0 there are a lot of moments in the movie where you 'll wish it were longer ... but not so much you feel cheated .
0 about a total of 8 or 9 minutes is flashbacks and drag scenes which have no relevance .
1 on one hand , he totally commits to this character and must be given credit for that fact .
1 when i watch the movie `` frühling auf dem eis '' with eva pawlik all the marvellous figure skating impressions come back to my mind .
0 in fact , this was easily their worst film -- for all of them .
0 the script and direction are weak and did not hold me for more then 15 minutes .
1 i could watch this many times .
0 totally pedestrian in every way , plus the added disadvantage of syrupy performances by the girls as well as the baseball boys .
0 the child , emil , is the least sympathetic character i have seen since , `` the good son . ''
1 sensitive film does lack brilliance and , to some degree , narrative structure , but is nevertheless superbly shot and performed .
0 this film fails to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offers .
0 if they used him twice to be funny or give the friday fans something extra , this is equally as bad .
1 you must have this movie to complete your dirty harry collection .
1 there is excellent ensemble acting , and gretchen mol , as bettie , is remarkable as the whole film succeeds or falls on her powerful performance .
0 ben kingsley is good though , and i liked the genuine feel to the surroundings , but that doesn´t help this empty shell of a movie .
1 it 's one of those films that manages to make a serious statement about human nature purely by presenting believable characters and behavior , never getting preachy .
1 however , i realized nothing you read about it will make a difference once you see it , and that lynch is in better form than ever .
1 unlike the classic ealing comedies of an earlier era , the 'hero ' is allowed to get away with his crime and escape to a life in the sun .
0 for shame , for shame that a fine actor such as joseph fiennes would allow himself to be cast in this piece of nauseating drivel .
0 well , that goes to show you how amateur these filmmakers are .
1 i like the fact that the episode is not about one specific character but evolves around the trio handling an alien problem .
0 adults , please take heed and do your best to try and wipe this film 's existence from your mind .
1 it is 3 hours long , and some parts may seam overly long at first , but the second time you watch it it all seams perfect .
1 this short 6 episode ova focuses a lot more on character emotional drama over other themes like politics or philosophy and i love how realistically portrayed the characters are .
1 this film is especially notable as being the first film of kim novak .
1 i predict that this film , which bombed in theaters , will be better appreciated in the years to come as people see it on dvd .
0 it is just an example of how bad many sequels are .
0 oh , god , i could go on and on and on , but i 've already wasted enough with this movie .
0 one star .
0 it is also a very unmemorable movie as there are very few scenes in this one that i can recall .
1 the harriet in harriet craig is wonderfully evil and joan crawford was perfect in this role .
0 rip-offs of better movies ... check .
1 he truly carries the movie with his good and fun role .
0 however , no matter how much i love their films , i just ca n't recommend this film .
0 neither of the lead characters was particularly compelling or empathetic .
1 this is a spiritual journey , into the hearts , souls , and minds of the two partisans and those they encounter .
1 in summary , it 's a fine movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it .
0 kristen seems like a normal and decent sort of person for the first 1/4 of the film .
1 anyway , i thought this was one of the best tv shows ever and you owe it to yourself to see it .
0 carlos mencia gives the stupid speeches and he all too often depends on finishing his monologues with a retarded voice and going `` der , der der . ''
0 first , i realize that a `` 1 '' rating is supposed to be reserved for the worst of the worst .
1 it 's a testament to brad dourif for taking mancini 's script and bringing it to this level .
0 much of the caveman material is n't blended at all into the plot and it just goes on and on and on .
1 for the modern viewer it takes a bit of patience to chew up the first three-quarters of babbling around , but there is enough to keep your attention .
0 the dialogue is very bad and the delivery of it is wooden .
1 it 's like early tarantino , but better .
1 this is the quintessential giallo , featuring all the aspects fans of the genre have come to know and love .
1 griffin dunne is a great every man character .
0 i ca n't even put into words how ridiculous this is so i 'm not gon na waste any of my time doing so .
0 also there are too many characters and no character development .
0 just all around bad .
1 share this with your friends and family for wholesome enjoyment and family bonding ... . : )
0 everything about this is so truly awful that i actually watched the whole thing .
1 while the clash of cultures is presented , so are the clashes within cultures -- notably among the first nations but covering conflicts among europeans as well .
1 i really enjoyed sandra 's performance immensely especially since i have n't really been a very big fan until now .
1 this is raoul walsh 's 49th film directing & it shows in how well the cameras are used in this film .
0 the plot is riddled with holes which leave you wondering what just happened and was it significant , then later on you find out that it was n't .
1 i knew what christy 's family was going through .
0 save yourself from this and watch a double feature of `` in cold blood '' and `` the hitcher '' .
0 mike myers as the cat in the hat is downright not funny and mike myers could not have been any worse .
0 it is bloated and tedious .
1 i 'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england , but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it .
0 the dialogue sounds as if it had been written by someone who 'd once been told about human interaction but had n't ever experienced it .
1 i believe this candid look inside the troubled world of the later beatles is a good account of why the world 's greatest musical force ultimately broke up .
1 rough , grainy , edgy .
1 it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality .
1 if given a choice , i would see demille 's film again .
0 the special effects are horrible .
0 there are some cool death scenes , including a pretty nice face melt , but that 's about it for the positive .
1 however , this really is a funny , funny stand-up show that everyone should see .
1 the film may be short on focused plot , but wry , cynical dialogue abounds , mostly uttered by curry .
0 i thought it was going to be funny with the previews on tbs , but when i saw the real thing , it was pathetic .
0 i ca n't really remember one good scary scene with plenty of build-up to it .
1 i can not finish this review without a word about mr. fincher 's extraordinary visual talents .
0 ekin cheng is the name draw , here , but he spends most of the film just grinning idiotically and flipping a coin .
0 this movie was so poorly written and directed i fell asleep 30 minutes through the movie .
0 save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent dahmer instead .
0 it reminded me of darth vader 's entrance music in star wars : obvious and mildly amusing .
1 i adore this show for being painfully raw and oddly sensitive at the same time .
1 a still powerful story that predates the sidney poitier films of racial prejudice .
0 i could even suffer through poor acting in a horror flick if the plot is entertaining and at least scary .
0 which leaves a question far more disturbing than this film : why would anyone pay 20 bucks to preserve the sister of ursula in their dvd library ?
0 someone hired a few names from the italian horror field and thought that was enough for a passable thriller .
1 i have never seen it again on tv and would like to .
1 highly recommended .
0 the wwf do a reasonable job at making it look legitimate .
1 style however is never decorative for gosha - it is always employed in the service of story .
1 the amazing race is one of if not the best reality shows on tv .
1 his voice , his mannerisms , his dialogue is what carries the movie .
1 i finally watched this overlooked spanish film and i have to say that i enjoyed it a lot , much more than i expected .
0 after finishing watching the movie my friend said to me : do you realize that we just watched over 2 hours of video about nothing .
0 even the film and sound quality was terrible .
1 it 's a great movie for those that like action , war , blood & guts , but also for those with a soft , romantic side .
0 i think she 's trying to be funny but she 's not .
0 they 're the most boring films imaginable and the sexual footage depicted here is of the most un-erotic kind .
1 as good as any other fictional hero carl kolchak was the everyman hero brought to life every week for one season thanks to darren mcgavin .
1 strong , complex performances throughout , paint a startling picture of the extraordinary lengths to which women had to go to get the right to vote in the u.s .
0 the protagonist played by rourke is dreadful .
0 there was nothing he did during those two hours to make me care ; no spark of emotion , no regret in his eyes , nothing .
1 nonetheless , it 's a good , nerve-wracking way to spend a little over an hour , courtesy columbia studios .
0 this is possibly the worst film i have ever seen .
1 `` stage beauty '' succeeds beautifully in what any good period piece does , whether set 300 years ago or 300 years from now .
1 it is so rare for this talented young actress to make an appearance these days that when she does it is such a joy .
0 the prostitute scene was a cheap play for laughs .
1 as i said this lad is a genius , & how he achieves his goal is just wonderful .
1 i love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think ... bret carr dares to look inward , ask questions , and dig underneath the surface .
1 if only for that , this is one of the most innovative films in any genre .
1 if you get a chance , see it .
0 there 's no real to plot to speak of , mostly it 's a really fake looking monster fish attacking europeans trying to pass themselves off as americans .
1 fans of the slow-paced `` combat '' television series will feel an instant connection as vic morrow directed the film and co-wrote the script with frank kowalski .
1 even thought i 'm not the biggest of cher fans , this movie was her crowning achievement .
1 i really like this show .
0 the entire landing procedure was so bad i wanted to puke .
0 the only redeeming aspect of this movie is cinematography , the landscapes are beautiful and the scene where the couple are having a picnic is breathtaking .
0 the supposed `` happy ending '' is one of the most depressing ever conceived .
0 lame sequel .
1 this is a rare film , because it 's a film maker addressing his critiques , himself , and his audience all at once .
0 it was poorly paced , it was not well written , irons was just awful and birch was so amazingly whiny that i was rooting for her death .
0 seven mummies is a pretty poor low budget horror film that offers little , if anything , in terms of entertainment .
1 can i purchase this from anyone in that form ?
0 this movie is dreadfully unfunny .
1 frequency is such a wonderful movie because it incorporates a realistic father-son bond , and raw emotion into an action thriller .
0 it 's like paying to hear a rich drug addict preach about not doing drugs .
0 this movie just is n't like a classic muppet movie .
0 not many actresses would look good with dialog this dumb .
1 the vision of this extraordinary film is almost unparalleled , exceeding better known `` death romances '' such as ghost .
0 the storytelling is routine , and the direction is clumsy at times .
0 horrendous adaptation , horrendous film-making .
1 i give it a 9 out of 10 .
0 the special effects are pathetically awful , an undersea battle between an octopus and various other sea creatures is obviously done in a large aquarium !
1 the whole feeling about the feeling is indescribable , the plot is so good .
1 perhaps it is because of the depression era but whatever it is , the movies were made with certain something that made them special .
1 but you do get to see a lot of scott 's niece lucy , and laura and neil .
1 a great movie , that has often been criticized .
1 i liked it a lot , i liked all the characters and specially andy garcia 's character .
1 recommended .
1 the performances , the cinematography , the music , and the sometimes poetic script combine to provide a very affecting experience .
0 comedy , dark comedy , action-adventure , drama ; as it flounders it never achieves any of these goals .
0 i was embarrassed by the performances and sat in an audience who laughed when they surely were supposed to be moved by the story .
0 please please please please please avoid this movie at all costs ! ! ! !
1 what john hughes did for eighties america , forsyth has done for eighties britain with this little gem .
0 likewise , sound effects from various star wars movies appear in space battles between fighters , as does animated over footage .
1 the lead is very good , even though it 's obvious she 's a japanese version of carrie white ; misunderstood , creepy and with gifts she never wanted .
1 in conclusion , `` to spring '' is a remarkable lost classic from short cartoon era .
0 all in all there are so many holes in the production it limits both its appeal and historic interest .
0 this movie is a comedy that is not funny , having a constellation in the cast .
1 hitchcock and his writers handled the problem deftly .
1 this great film is now the minimum knowledge requirement if you want to express a competent opinion about venezuela or hugo chavez .
1 it was so hilarious i have seen it too many times to count .
0 this confused attempt to replicate the success of turkish delight does have some oddball moments that make it slightly entertaining and of mild interest to rutger hauer fans .
1 but if you do , you 're in for one hell of a treat .
1 but more than anything - an amazing cast and an incredible script .
0 in my opinion i would say it 's slightly below average & forgettable & there are better films out there .
0 it does nothing more than promote it as some kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport .
0 his direction is jumpy , confused .
1 recommended for fans of action cinema and best of all , if it deals with super heroes .
0 the main topic of the plot is similar to the original , but all the rest is terribly different , on a bad way !
0 i was so frustrated .
1 this is a very dark and gritty rape scene .
0 here 's a movie with a good cast and nice looking location work but it just do n't have it .
0 it 's not scary , nor suspenseful .
1 in my opinion , `` hook '' is a competent fairytale , not to mention very well done !
0 but maybe the worst part of the movie was the female lead , doris .
1 bond is one of the greatest movie series ever , but that does n't mean that a series should go on forever .
1 cher is particularly noteworthy as the public defender assigned to the case .
0 the actors themselves looked like they were in pain , wondering why they 're being directed to do what they 're doing .
0 the direction is lacking in style , and there 's very little tension or suspense ; making it difficult to care what is going to happen .
1 i found it very interesting that almost only hungarian people wrote reviews on this film .
1 this picture is right alongside the great mob movies as it should be .
1 if you find any means of seeing this series i suggest you take full advantage .
1 you tell yourself you do n't need it or it is n't the right time for you but you still wish it were happening .
0 ok they did a horrid casting job for anita hoffman , did a horrible job casting for the jerry rubin character .
1 it 's clearly unneeded , but it 's there so have a look and enjoy ...
0 they are all self-centered , obnoxious or two dimensional .
1 much better than hollywood versions .
0 it probably had been a quite ambitious project , with an indestructible killer in the michael myers - freddy krueger tradition , but the result is thoroughly routine .
0 the only good thing to come out of this is nia long got introduced to will smith and she later appeared on his television show .
0 please , if you 're thinking about renting this movie , do n't .
1 cinematography by william daniels helps this picture shine .
1 i would definitely recommend this movie not because it 's perfect or wonderful , but because it 's funny and has some new zombie moments in it .
1 i have seen this movie when i was about 7 years old - which was 33 years ago - and i never forgot this movie !
0 summary : poor acting , bad fights , bad script .
1 i already know the jokes by heart but it gets me laughing on the floor each time .
0 they changed the story , they changed the songs , they lost the soul .
0 i really have no reason to recommend this film except for it 's lush visual style .
1 i am certain that any contemporary aspiring director , writer or actor who is serious about his or her craft can learn an immense amount from this film .
1 wonderfully , he demonstrates his own superior memory in a way i 'll leave for you to discover .
0 it adds nothing to the movie and worst of all is not funny .
0 unfortunately his earthy likability works against him , as sledge is a humorless character written to cash in on the popularity of clint eastwood 's spaghetti western character .
1 the flashback is so seamlessly inserted that i watched the movie again just to find out exactly where it begins .
0 do n't waste your time to watch it .
1 so when you put all of them together , you have a great ^ 3 episode .
0 columbus short is an uninteresting lead that is never charismatic and never makes the audience want to give a crap .
1 anybody that analyzes images of african-american women in cinema should be familiar with these epics .
0 i do n't know if this was straight to video , but it should have been straight to the dump .
0 why are they crappy , for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act .
0 the adaptation of the original 's characters seemed juvenile and usually proved to be horribly annoying .
1 what it sets out to do - just be a cross-country riot - it does beautifully !
0 some swearing can be justified but it got worse as the film went on .
0 the acting is horrible ... the actors blow lines right on camera !
0 the student characters are bland and uninteresting and quite frankly you wo n't care about what happens to them .
1 it is amusement , clear and simple .
0 the series tries to build and build but the suspense just keeps falling down again .
1 it features the cast from cky and also has a great soundtrack .
1 jack cassidy had logged the most appearances of any columbo killer up to this point .
1 maybe `` lifeboat '' was n't alfred hitchcock 's greatest movie , but it was still interesting .
1 the infamous segment in rome is comedy at its purest and roberto benigni in top form .
1 absolute grabber of a movie , and given its age , years ahead of its time .
0 there is quite some blood and gore but that all is simply just not good enough to satisfying the average horror fan .
0 sean penn is simply diabolically bad , unconvincing & puke inducing as sam .
0 but the story here all goes for naught .
0 or is this again von trier 's little joke on all of us ?
0 do n't waste your time on this movie .
1 these points however seem to add to my enjoyment of the film and it is one of my arnie favourites , a definite must see .
0 overall it was a boring film about boring people doing boring things and had none of the grit and believability that can carry and save such a film .
0 wolfe might have made a great cultural anthropologist -- he knows how to get inside a system and record its details .
1 with movies like this it 's always best not to give too much away so i 'll stop here .
1 an interesting story , engaging characters , and some out there music .
1 yes the story was very sad , but at the same time uplifting .
1 stardust is a full-on , large scale fantasy that does credit to its myriad stars .
1 i 'd like to see more of him in the future because despite his years , he still has a lot to offer .
1 highly recommended !
1 it is a movie that i think that everyone should watch at least once in their life time .
0 the location filming is excellent but the studio stuff looks like cheap tv .
1 recommended .
0 the wrap around story is easily the worst of the bunch , the acting and production is amateurish at times .
1 vantage point is a camp delight !
1 bing crosby 's `` white christmas '' will never sound the same .
0 they 've got a great idea , it could have been particularly enjoyable but for the reasons mentioned above .
0 i 'm guessing they did n't have the rights to make a hercules movie , so they took the same premise of sorts and made this awful movie .
0 avoid `` shanghai surprise '' unless , like me , you like madonna way too much or if you 're just a fan of bad movies .
1 and that is exactly what miyazaki does with his characters .
1 i saw this on a special sci-fi night on turner classic movies and i do n't expect it to show up again .
0 the whole thing played out like a conspiracy theory by ibm to win the match in question just to make some money .
0 terrible acting , very boring plot and terrible direction .
0 and for an alleged comedy , the movie has nearly no funny scenes .
1 on the plus side , there is a strong , very interesting and captivating plot with magnificent performances by everyone .
1 after the ending in ringu , there were a lot of questions left and ringu 2 just pulls you back in .
1 the acting is amazing , the images extraordinary , the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful .
1 watch for yourself before believing any negative reviews of this series .
0 jack frost 2 , is probably the most cheesiest movie i have ever seen in my life .
1 i think i laugh thrice and almost fell a sleep .
0 i do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute , but the french guy was really fake .
1 i have learned to give a person the benefit of the doubt because of this movie .
0 the stuff with april 's family is just painful to watch and rings false from the first second to the last .
1 hand of death is a serious , straightforward revenge driven story .
0 if you 're on death row with two hours left , then this truly is the film for you ; but all others should really steer clear .
0 i think that the acting in this movie was terrible no of the actors in this movie had chemistry , it just was n't there .
1 recommended to the fans of the first parts in the series and those who love the universal films .
1 this might be the reason why this one is often compared to david fincher 's seven .
1 a well-played , thoughtful and dignified film about a good man who was ahead of his time .
0 this show is based too much on trying to be a glorified jerry springer wannabe instead of dealing with issues that need to be taken care of .
1 he learns of new customs and great differences in cultures .
0 quick plot rundown : main guy witnesses cop partner die in line of duty at the hands of evil general .
1 this bizarre film is unlike any other western , and is really not a western in the traditional sense .
1 peppered throughout the documentary are numerous interviews with the men from ladder 1 and engine 7 , which miraculously , did not suffer any casualty .
0 simply too much .
0 some of these gore scenes are ok , but not enough to recommend the movie .
0 in fact , this movie sucked so hard , i do n't know how i 'm gon na write this review , especially since 1 .
1 they do n't teach history in school , and this explains the most critical event of the 20th century .
0 but this is just so bad that it 's not even funny .
1 but at the same time he is also strangely empathetic , hypnotic , sage , even lovable .
0 high school productions are better than this and the actors involved should erase this from their resume .
0 add to this the terrible acting and the laughable appearance of the creature and you get a prime example of how not to scare .
0 i would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of time -- it 's nothing but a ridiculous plot , with bad acting and ludicrous scenarios .
1 all in all , a cute , if unoriginal sequel , that was marred by the songs and a lack of a story .
0 this does n't in fact happen and i felt cheated by this .
0 the movie has nothing to do with the others except for having the machines from the other films .
1 by the time you get to anne 's `` frederick , frederick , frederick , '' you 'll either be laughing or crying .
1 the weaving of this footage with the interviews , and the islanders music , really heightens the film 's impact .
1 while the show did not pull down top rating honors ... it was the show that my friends and i would always get together and talk about in school .
0 james belushi is the only one who handles his part well but is also let down by the poor script .
0 it was just embarrassing to watch .
1 lead man victor mclaglen fits perfectly within this character and this manner of filming him .
0 the acting was generally very bad , but i guess that 's what can be expected from opera singers ?
1 this was one of the best shows i have seen on tv .
1 she plays woody 's dialogue , which , in his comedies , always has a very similar feel ... like , well , a woody allen comedy .
1 i guarantee you will love this new york film .
1 over the years i have seen john payne sing and dance in all kinds of mgm musicals and in this picture , john played an entirely different role .
0 it looked like it wanted to be a tribute to firefighters but ended up being boring and pretentious .
1 in my opinion this is the best chinese comedy kung fu movie yet to be made .
1 but , in the end , you do genuinely care for these people .
0 i ordered another melting movie called `` body melt '' , which will probably turn out better than this .
0 it felt like a bad genetic cross between varsity blues and remember the titans .
0 this is a real cheap way of film-making of course and quite annoying if you have already seen the first movie .
1 they play off of each other superbly .
1 this is the first production i 've ever seen of sweeney todd so i have no others to compare it to .
1 even when nothing happens , it is suspenseful .
0 i keep asking myself , why they keep making movies this horrible .
0 the story was extremely dum and even a 10 year old child can come up with a better story-line .
1 it therefore follows , that i am also a big fan of the major cinematic productions based on the story , which i have seen over the years .
1 the first film may be the most technically well made , but this one is the most fun .
0 i really wasted 10 $ .
0 worst movie this year .
0 the story in itself is not that bad , and actually had some originality and decent content but the acting is simply pathetic .
1 as an eccentric who is obsessed with what he likes to call `` the magic of the movies , '' rooney lights up this film .
0 first off , i would like to point out that while i am not an expert , the way the trial was handled will insult your intelligence .
1 i really enjoyed `` the birdcage '' because it had a lot of serious issues , yet managed to turn into a fun joke .
1 anyway , the series is awesome and i hope they 'll never stop showing it !
0 i ca n't understand anyone sitting through this piece of trash .
1 he enjoyed the movie a whole lot and told me he had n't watched it before because of it 's low imdb rating .
0 for that matter , it was also the worst written piece of trash i 've seen in a long time .
1 scorsese does know what ideas are being explored , and that makes him a compelling , involved speaker on the topic .
1 so for over 30 years i was left wondering about the show and what happened and how the mystery was resolved .
1 all in all , gilliam 's dedication to making creative films that are interesting to watch yet also require thought and interpretation from the audience .
1 i enjoyed this movie so much , i added it to my collection .
1 both wells and this film do an excellent job of portraying the progress of the martians from the limited perspective of rural england plus a few scenes in london .
1 overall , this film is hilarious .
1 lucy liu has great chemistry with kiera knightley in her scenes with her .
0 apart from the murder on the mother near the beginning , which is shown repeatedly and at least three times , there 's nothing even remotely suspenseful going on .
0 it was plain and simply a horrible film .
0 i was really looking forward to this film because of the good reviews and the fact it was about salsa but it really was spoiled .
0 phoned work sick - watched this in bed and it was so awful i would have went back to work if i could have gotten out of bed .
0 the acting was embarrassingly slapstick and bereft of any of shepard 's dry humor .
0 next we have the usual undertaker against some big nasty monster , be whoever it is .
1 in conclusion , a great movie which succeeds to give its message , all the more crucial actually after the tragedy in asia ... .
0 horribly delivered , unfunny , often embarrassing jokes , terrible acting , completely forgettable characters , and no plot or direction what so ever .
0 without even touching upon some of what he did , the movie felt like a void .
1 i have seen this movie plenty of times and i got ta tell ya , i 've enjoyed it every single time .
0 2 , but from all i could see from her bikini shots , she had the butt for it and did n't need a double to prove it .
1 it is my opinion that the next time out at the video store , do not pass by this one again .
0 the music played after each death is annoying too .
1 9/10 for you the cast of kung fu dunk .
0 humanity appears to be at stake , but none of the characters seem to really care about their survival .
1 it is a must watch for anyone .
1 it is an independent film - but do n't let that fool you ... it 's a good one !
0 i kept waiting for this movie to get going but it just kept coming across like an over long comedy skit .
1 whenever i ask other people about which is their fave , then it seems that beat street pops out the most .
1 an incredibly insightful and daring film that works on so many levels that my friends and i are still talking about it and going `` whoa ! ''
1 i like this movie a lot .
0 a naval knowledge would be an advantage for the finer points , but then you 'd probably spot the many flaws .
0 but there is only so much one actor can do to save a horrible film .
1 whatever it was the johnny weissmuller tarzan films seem to be the best and this is one of them .
1 the movie is soaked with atmosphere and you can just lean back and enjoy it as you become familiar with each of the different personalities in the film .
0 talk about bad writing .
0 as you can imagine , the acting is below par , it features a lot of rap music , and poorly edited fight scenes .
0 unfortunately candyman : day of the dead ' is a rather ghastly entry in the series and i 'm sure will not fare well amongst fans of the original .
0 for example , is marion 's father supposed to be a prototype or simply a caricature ?
0 but in this adaptation of that incident the famous declaration is the only true thing about this story .
1 released on video in finland in the early eighties .
1 something for everyone .
1 the only thing bad about this movie is i ca n't find it anywhere .
1 i know without a doubt that my god loves them all .
1 my vote is eight .
0 avoid like the plague .
0 the acting was deplorable and the story was even worse .
1 i would love to obtain a copy of this wonderful film !
0 he is very annoying , not funny .
0 i rented it , sat down and watched it , and then , three quarters through , i just turned it off , ejected it , and returned it .
0 none of his distinctive trademarks here at all , an uninteresting plot and completely terrible acting make this his worst film .
1 that he backs off makes his subsequent leap all the more forceful .
1 this one was like super creative and awesome i love this movie every one who likes comedy needs to see this movie its awesome .
1 there are many irreverent remarks made throughout this film made by a number of people who just take the credibility of a real believer to task .
0 actually put me to sleep .
0 vincente minelli movies are usually worth your time ; meet me in st louis , the bad and the beautiful .
0 they are not funny , not tragic just plain stupid and boring .
1 see it and tell some of your far leftist friends to see it as well .
1 the idea of the ultimate return home is given an even greater resonance than usual with a special reunion here .
0 4 ) bad starting .
0 its not funny , not much happens , everyone it seems is bored or boring .
0 the movie is so boring that you may fall asleep .
1 the portrayals of all the leading figures were outstanding , especially oliver cotton as cesare .
0 do n't waste your time with this movie ; read the book instead .
0 the film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of grindhouse cinema , but it really does n't come off .
1 this film will make everybody think that the term true love is there .
1 if you liked repulsion and/or rosemary 's baby , i guarantee you will enjoy this film to say the least .
0 gray matters proves to be one of the blandest films i have ever seen .
1 hav plenty is a clever romantic comedy that is appealing because of its unique cast .
1 entirely believable for the time and era .
1 but like the movie , johnny has more style and charm than anything that came out of the 90 's .
1 this is a summer comedy and is not meant to solve the problems of the world although there are a few messages we could all take to heart .
0 meanwhile , the cinema burns down , hitler is riddled with bullets and the two basterds blow themselves up for no good reason at all .
0 i took my 4 year old twins to see this movie today and i would not recommend it for children their age .
1 what we do have is a pleasant enough , though unbelievable , feel good family comedy as only the folks at disney can provide .
1 while tourist trap might not be absolutely essential viewing ; it 's well worth seeing and i can recommend it .
0 looked more like amateur theatre .
1 a must see movie for any true movie fan .
1 made with care , a genuine feel for time and place and destined to become a modern classic .
1 there are many episodes that i enjoyed .
1 overall , i enjoyed the film and would recommend it , for family viewing especially .
1 it 's major flaw is the revelation of the culprit , yet once tourneur accepted the script 's limitations he works superbly within them .
1 tom selleck does a fantastic job here , as always , and the movie is greatly humorous and educational .
0 tough , cool guy with pretty good martial expertise who delivered corny lines but at least entertained action and martial arts fans to a certain extent .
1 that tells you everything you need to know .
1 i have been out for 10 years and it still hit heart strings that i did n't think existed anymore .
1 this academy award winning short film can rank among the greatest of the genre .
1 there is not a lot of intrigue per se , but some interesting turns and friction between ryan and officials within the united states government .
1 the style of the movie is top-notch as you get the gritty feel of the crime world represented and the characters it includes .
0 if you 're looking for shoot-em-up and special effects , this is the worst movie ever .
0 the 'special effects ' are also lousy ; the zombie makeup is extremely amateurish and the gore content is fairly low .
0 first time in a long time i stopped a movie and could n't tolerate finishing it .
0 if you think this movie is the `` worst one you 've ever seen '' then you probably have n't gotten deep into the world of straight-to-video b-horror .
1 a really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry .
0 they use so much dynamite like they would try to kill a battleship or to dig another panama channel .
0 the true life element is uplifting ; the film itself is not .
0 the murders are sadistic , but die-hard slasher fans have seen much worse .
0 i have expected more suspense but what i saw here was boring .
1 the jokes the family and morris crack during this romp through the life of a `` force of nature '' are fresh and realistic .
1 he 's really cool in this film , and he was cooler from `` the lost boys '' and i think he 's still the prince of scary movies .
0 i felt like it was 90mins wasted as i waited anxiously for a plot to develop , or even begin .
0 do n't watch this film if you are a serious movie fan and looking for an interesting and challenging storyline , or good acting .
0 the acting is as pathetic as the script .
0 but the director simply struggles : three story lines , one dimensional characters , questionable talent .
1 this role stands apart from the usual supporting roles he gets , either buffoonish , ineffectual , foolishly vigilante .
1 and that the changing of reality is not to be taken lightly -- there are unintended consequences , because everything is connected .
1 in all a fine and sadly misunderstood movie .
1 a coming of age film , that reveals itself photo after photo , and a very funny approach to the mexican and american cultures .
0 i 've seen plenty of horrible movies in my life but this one takes the cake .
0 the two guys who played the monks i have seen in other movies 10 times better than this .
0 i 'm not sure though that i like the fact that gus really does n't seem to have any redeeming character traits .
0 edward g. robinson is squandered .
0 this is a pass all the way !
0 the acting ranged from mediocre to downright abysmal , with the lone exception being henriksen in his usual calm and menacing demeanor .
0 too many science errors to count , poor character development with weird dialog .
0 after nearly every shot the actors will be standing still and in the wrong positions from the last shot .
1 just do n't go into this one looking for ghost themed movie because the focus is definitely on the violence and the social commentary .
0 the tension is slow and steady ; and this black & white film runs only about an hour and twelve minutes .
1 i 'm not familiar with the works of charles bukowski , on which this film is based , but still , it 's rather interesting , if strange .
0 the characters feel really distant and the events in the movie are far from interesting or exciting and the movie also totally lacks in style and atmosphere .
0 there are no movies so horrible that any recommendations could be made .
1 all in all , a great show and well worth watching .
1 in particular his use of moving point-of-view shots make the battle scenes extra exhilarating .
0 i 'm a collector of films starring ms. weaver , so i bought this only because of her being in it .
0 what i 've said is plenty and if you wasted enough time reading this review , than for god 's sake do n't waste more time watching this movie .
1 the thing that really got me attached to this film was the observations of the inner workings of bob .
0 i would suggest not watching these films , and certainly do not buy the box set like i did , unless you enjoy wasting money .
1 and , as every movie should be , it creates many feelings inside of you through your way watching its images and listening to its beautiful music .
0 bottom line : passport to paris is one of the worst movies ever made .
0 it 's a shame that the opportunity to bring this excruciatingly sad , yet important story about child abuse to the world via film was squandered so miserably .
1 beyond silence is a beautiful film that you never forget .
1 my pursuit of the best in noir continued with this classic from the height of the era , newly released in a beautiful dvd .
1 before george clooney directed sam rockwell in his directorial debut `` confessions of a dangerous mind '' , they starred together in this movie .
0 go into a potentially deadly sinking ship that 's 1. on fire 2 .
1 the cast are all turning in effective performances , particularly greene and the wonderfully sneering mcnally .
0 but it 's very disheartening for example to hear frodo yell `` out of my way , you scum ! ''
1 each of them can communicate more without speaking than a lot of actors can achieve with hours of dialog .
0 whoa , this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen !
0 the supposed purpose of the beast must die is for the viewer to discover clues of eight people , one of which is the werewolf .
1 it surprises us as well .
1 i wont give much away , but the story was strong in this one , and i would highly recommend it to any fan of asian horror .
0 awful ! ! !
0 this movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history .
1 with widmark you just do n't know what you are going to get , and with his incredibly modern acting style he is amazing to watch .
1 this `` live at scotland '' show is another great example of lee evans excellent physical jokes and hilarious bad language genius .
1 the dismissal is now available on dvd in australia .
1 we watch it daily .
1 the short is not really suitable for children , it has some sexual references , but adults will like this very much .
1 the best movie about friendship !
0 the son is such a repulsive little brat , i found myself rooting for the kidnappers .
1 in fact , he is like demme , like r. scott , like scorsese , mann , shyamalan , coppola , etc .
0 benjamin button himself is not even remotely close to a fully developed character .
0 the story itself is inconsistent and confusing , not everything is explained leaving the film to go from bad to worse .
0 - over the years , i 've seen my fair share of really bad movies .
1 so , good , delinquent fun all round .
0 they have sex ... but it 's all tied into some stupid plot or something .
1 many of the issues we see on the show are very real .
0 would save me the 2 hours of my life i would never get back watching this terrible movie .
1 my wife liked it , the two lesbians sitting behind us loved it , but i would n't say it was the best film i have ever seen .
0 not that it did n't have its moments , but this is definitely one that should have gone directly to video .
1 louis jouvet is perfect , you just ca n't have a better copper .
0 maria 's acting is so dry that lacks any feeling whatsoever , her most intense moments seem almost comical .
1 of course i will never give the ending away , but needless to say this is a very well-made film that is often more serious than meets the eye .
1 i could n't disagree more with those who have proclaimed this a strong movie about this important situation .
0 but the worst offense of `` armageddon '' was the total lack of scientific reality .
1 but it is worth watching , to find out other possibilities of feeling a story .
0 way too convoluted , even for a sci-fi picture .
1 the fights scenes are flashy without being overdone and the quieter parts of the movie are not too long winded .
0 if you 're into cheesy horror films because you 're bored and you need a good laugh , this would give troll 2 serious competition .
0 the rest , forget it .
0 i gave this movie a two only because the soundtrack was good .
1 but the first 45 minutes reminds you how great midler can be in the right vehicle .
0 barry is a guy who gets all the wrong breaks in life and has a very bad temper which he just simply can not control .
0 there is also some pretty good footage of lions eating but there 's not a single scare in the whole movie .
0 i have seen bad movies before , but this one takes the `` worst movie of a lifetime '' award by far ! !
0 as an animal lover myself , i would have never taken one of my pets into an environment that had proved in the past to be tense .
0 this scandal has nothing to do with the movie what so ever !
0 then having this hypocrite exploiting the problem .
0 it 's like a twelve year old fan boy has done the screenplay , the characters act totally random and first say this , then say that .
0 none of the actors seem to know what the heck they 're doing there .
1 this competes with `` v '' from the mid-80s for most captivating miniseries ever .
1 no big movie stars , no big budget special effects but a very strong story line and characters .
0 for a horror movie it is not at all scary .
1 i recommend this movie for women and men alike .
1 there is so much here to think about that i think a lot can be missed in a single viewing .
1 writer and director richard shepard did the q & a after this delightful movie at the austin film festival .
0 as for other actors , they do n't get much of screen presence .
1 'the seventh continent ' gives rise to several questions without answers , and without letting you try to answer them .
0 actually , almost anything you do will be a better use of your time .
0 nothing goes right for him , and literally every single person in his life is abusive to him in one way or the other .
0 all this movie really is , is just a bunch of rich people sitting around acting depressed and stupid .
1 `` all hell breaks loose : part 1 '' is another engaging episode of `` supernatural '' .
1 she would become more associated with `` tammy '' than any other character .
0 rest stop being on the end of the spectrum where i can compare all terrible movies to .
0 i ca n't recommend this one at all .
1 even though the time since i watched this piece of cinematic history fades away i feel compelled to document my personal experience with the motion picture .
1 i do n't normally write reviews , but this `` film '' was special .
1 the out of tune notes , the messed up lyrics , and the arguments throughout the songs are great because that is how they were really written .
0 nothing compares to watching this completely boring and weak story .
0 this entire movie was made for shock value and shock value only .
1 the acting is flawless , the musical score is creepy as hell , filled with ghostly organ music which sets just the right tone of sadness and fear .
0 pretty much everybody associated with this movie could arguably deserve to be shot .
1 you could say it 's a guilty pleasure of mine , but i would n't say that because i do n't feel guilty at all for loving it !
1 the really good shows seem to improve with age , even where they begin strongly , and it is true of `` monk . ''
1 my vote is nine .
1 it has twists like the leading woman discovering she is the great grand daughter of the candyman .
1 this is not only the best screen adaptation of chang to date but also a must-see of all time .
1 kudos to all concerned , particularly hilary swank who could n't have been any more compelling as the heroic alice paul .
1 one of the benefits of watching without any knowledge of the plot is that it opens up a wider field of possible answers for jed .
1 while it was n't as funny as i expected and there was a little bit of squandered talent , but overall it 's still a good movie .
1 though it 's a bit slow moving , focusing more on the relationships between bonnie and clyde and their family members , it never got boring .
0 now it 's slapstick silliness , now it 's brutal gravity , now it 's just dull .
0 i am truly amazed that the two main characters can even consider themselves actors due to their complete incompetence at acting in general .
1 the initial optimism is portrayed in an effective manner , and the viewers certainly connect wit the characters with their sense of pride and achievement .
0 holy crap this was one of the worst piece of cinematic trash i 've seen in a long time .
1 nor is it the most believable plot - but it is funny , whimsical and charming , and occasionally surreal .
0 the script is pathetic , dismal , and , oh , stupid , too .
0 i must concur with the previous reviewer the only saving grace in this movie is luke mably who once again does a fine job portraying edvard of denmark .
0 the townspeople are billed as friendly but they are nothing short of strung out , overly creepy and laughable rednecks .
1 though his expressions are not new but still he performs with utter honesty .
0 i realize they needed to break up the action scenes and give something for the females to watch , but they often made no sense .
1 to my delighted surprise , i do recommend this zany picture to both young and old .
1 i 've heard that some people disliked the `` king 's evil '' sub-plot , but i found it hilarious , especially reece 's character .
0 that was a bad start and the movie went down from there .
0 the plot concerning the dark soul itself it barely told , odd considering that the dark soul is the driver for the whole premise of the film .
0 kiefer sutherland 's performance as a 1944 psychopath is compromised by his 1990 hairstyle .
1 che is a likable film but it does not grip , or pull at your heartstrings .
0 all i can say about adrian paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie .
1 this is one of the best documentaries of the past few years .
1 he had some big moments in his career but he also made some poor choices and this is definitely one of them although made later in his career .
0 the only thing you can save is photography and moran 's acting .
0 do n't watch this movie , unless you 're looking at how `` not '' to make a movie .
1 it 's funny how the soviets were able to make an honest afghanistan movie within a year after their departure , but it took the us six years .
0 the movie takes forever for nothing to happen .
0 it actually tries to set itself up as a murder mystery , of sorts , but the script and direction are both too often incompetent .
1 some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by fred and ginger is among their best ever .
0 it 's a silly tale of some people trying to develop a remote control plane to be used in war .
0 there was no chemistry among any of the cast members .
0 he then returns a day later only to be surprised that the vampires attacked the monastery the night after he left ... ... avoid this movie .
1 i liked this film because it was minimalist , and you had to get everything through suggestion .
1 and they went very far and they dared the mpaa to censor them even more , and hey , i was very entertained .
0 i 'm really sorry but that movie is a certain ' 1 ' or ' 0 ' if that existed .
1 chris farley is very funny as ronnie , connie 's boyfriend .
0 people talk and smoke and do n't do anything .
0 this film has no redeeming qualities .
0 in the end , valiant is mostly a harmless film but it 's also a dull one and it is n't worth watching .
1 his journey from zero to hero is complete , and it has been an utterly convincing one .
0 it bogs down in places , especially with the `` nobody believes there 's a monster '' clichés which are a staple for this kind of movie .
0 the fact that the young lover has a twin brother , for instance , is so contrived that i groaned out loud .
0 avoid unless you really need to see another big bug smash things , or see another perry mason actor in a b movie .
1 here we make the distinction , art can be entertaining , but it 's also thought provoking and moves you in hidden ways .
0 perhaps if she ever does have such a role her lack of any real acting talent would be exposed and her star would come crashing down .
0 it starts off pretty good but slows down half way through and castle totally ignores the horrific aspects of the story and plays it more like a comedy .
1 it 's not gon na be anybody 's all-time classic favorite , but the way this film got sent to the cleaner really is almost unique .
0 anna aside , only liev schreiber comes close to eliciting any sympathy from an audience .
0 the director apparently was on prozac when directing this imitation of a movie and hence let the movie go on autopilot making it an unbearable mess .
0 all involved are simply horrible and some seem to be in another movie altogether .
0 and , the basic story idea and plot is good , ... but the dialog is just bad at times .
0 hollywood ca n't come up with anything original so they take something that was good and ruin it for some $ $ $ $ .
0 his droning monologue adds absolutely nothing to the film , and if anything takes from the films brilliance .
0 please , save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive .
0 go back to filming birthday parties .
1 without spoiling this part of the story too much , it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father .
0 it is hard to know where to begin criticizing a film this bad .
1 splash is a movie that , simply put , reaches above and beyond .
0 yes , there was some good material in the early issues but there was a lot of crap , too .
0 this movie was so dumb and slow was it ever slow .
0 that 's the big theme of the movie and it involves some touching scenes but , to be honest , the film is n't that memorable .
0 this is the crap that i would expect from someone trying to milk lotr for every penny .
1 this film was written and directed by tab murphy , and it is a tragedy that he has not directed another film since .
0 this piece of garbage however has to be the worst thing i 've had the displeasure to watch for years .
0 the acting was bad and artificial .
0 the only bright spot here is randy becker .
1 the only way to let the audience forget asking why this why that is a good , captivating plot .
1 every time i show it to friends they love it too .
0 unfortunately , de niro is not seen enough and branagh is seen too much and unfortunately branagh is playing a very dull victor frankenstein .
1 the one-on-one between billy and the stripe , is actually very tense , and violent .
0 this is the worst kind of film .
0 the only impressive thing about `` down to you '' is just how amazingly bad it is .
0 jon lovitz was very mildly amusing but pointless .
0 i think the worst thing was the underwater scene 's held off of the dock .
0 please , rent the timothy dalton version instead .
1 however , despite these shortcomings , the film is a thoroughly enjoyable thriller , and ideal for a group viewing at halloween .
0 would n't see it again , too bad the story could have been incredible if only some things could really add up .
0 there are n't very many movies where after i 've watched them i 've wanted my time and/or money back , but unfortunately this was one of them !
0 everyone associated with this production should truly feel uncomfortable with the direction of their careers .
1 overall , explorers is immensely entertaining , but also wildly uneven .
0 lanza deserved a better leading lady , and blyth should stick to less demanding productions .
1 lots of sound effects , costumes , and set pieces decorate this flick , all taken right out of the popular culture of the time .
1 engrossing from start to finish .
1 the fact that it got a dvd release is more amazing than anything you 'll see in the picture itself .
1 this is a film you must see if you every watched a single episode of the sopranos , and liked it .
0 not laughingly bad , which is sometimes enjoyable ... just bad , with unexplainable movements and no expression .
0 it is the cinematic equivalent of absolute zero , and i saw both toxic avenger and battle beyond the stars in theaters on their respective opening weekends .
0 the only thing about this movie that i enjoyed was jurgen prochnow as captain kirk .
0 he 's a terrible actor , like everyone else in this movie , and he wrote it , to add salt to the wound .
1 it is very good to see even those five flying together again .
1 she 's a beaten individual , quite honestly past her prime , but realistic in her view of herself and the world .
1 loads of fun .
1 however there is a bond of friendship that goes beyond merely being friendly .
0 the darby actor was the only realistic character in the film to my mind , and that 's being kind .
0 now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good , but other than that , avoid it .
1 that quest makes for a great story , which in turn , makes for a great film .
0 it is a pity that you can not vote zero stars on imdb , because i would not have hesitated !
1 of course , the board is ridden during the famous big wednesday of 1974 , just as bear had predicted .
0 not that i can blame him i passed out 2-3 times and had to rewind and resume to try to regain what little plot that does exist .
0 jane looks ugly and is nothing more but stupid and brainless shooting and killing .
0 the acting was horrible .
0 ** from ****
0 i know he 's a killer scarecrow but i still say he would have been bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day !
0 only good thing is the special-effects in the end when the meteor strikes .
0 the only excitement i got from this movie was from watching the rather pert behind of tamara `` sexy eyes '' davies who has clearly been doing some yoga .
0 if you want mind-numbingly boring horror , watch the order .
0 i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was terrible .
1 would love to see this again and definitely own on vhs or dvd .
0 i want my my time back !
0 i have seen thousands of films , and this horrendous product should have ended the career of john sayles .
0 the men wonder at the idiot male who gives up the luscious bergman to return to sleep with his wife who is stupid enough to take him back .
1 to be able to work your mind in the theater , to enable it to open up to new possibilities is something rare in a film .
1 this one goes right up on my list .
0 do n't bother .
1 you will either really love it or really hate it .
1 these women were extraordinary , and their interaction with each other bring humor and sadness .
0 interminably slow , pretentious and ultimately not really about anything .
0 really , very little happens .
1 he understands the rules of the nation , and slowly sets in motion a plan that will give his wife all that he has promised .
0 he 's totally wooden , not displaying emotion , character or humanity .
0 but skip this one .
1 i was very glad to see that it won some awards , it definitely deserves the attention .
0 the music used is simply horrible , it distracts and it is annoying .
0 the entire sequence definitely did not need to be there and had slightly less comedic value than any given show on `` the history channel '' .
0 the only good thing about this movie is the fact that it justifies every idea you and your friends have ever had about making a comedy .
0 stale acting and poor jokes can not be masked by an excellent , yet bewildering set design .
0 carrey shows no talent in here and why does it say introducing janet , that 's stupid .
1 powell is utterly charming as carey , and hysterical as wilson .
0 heck , the movie even manages to rip-off a scene or two from some truly bad horror movies like amityville 3-d and the mediocre cold creek manor .
0 i would recommend to not waste your time , but then again if i were you i 'd probably want to experience it myself .
1 i usually hate it when a film does these sorts of things , but here it fit perfect .
0 this has to be one of the most pointless movies to ever make it onto cinema screens .
1 the sets are uniformly good , from the warsaw ghetto to the garrison of tanz ' division in occupied france .
1 from that moment on , i was hooked on it .
0 total waste of time , left-wing propaganda , global warming film .
1 two thumbs up for dennis quaid in his role of veteran secret service agent barnes and to forest whitaker who impresses me with every single performance he gives .
1 the writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting .
0 it looks ambiguous ; but with a single line the ambiguity vanishes in a puff of catholic dogma .
1 preminger was true to the myths surrounding her death , and i appreciated the preview on the tape that showed the flames reaching up and burning her .
1 put quite simply , this film is terrifying .
1 although this wonderful film expresses the loneliness and the weakness of human being , there is also some room for hope , in the shiny singing scenes .
1 david does not lose him in the woods , he simply hits the stranger a couple of times and leaves it to his wife to pick up the pieces .
0 the father made me even sicker , how he failed to stand up for his son , and how he lied to the doctor .
1 i 'm also surprised that it has such a low rating , i was expecting it to be rated at least a 7 .
1 anyway , this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir .
1 not highly entertaining , but very very intriguing .
0 so it 's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it !
0 another picking point i had with the movie was the lack of a realistic story of events that would make you grow to connect to a character .
0 the film is shot in that hart to hart style of bad seventies television drama .
0 for the most part however it is a case of watching good actors wrestle with a dire script and an implausible plot .
1 i remembered this show from when i was a kid .
0 thirdly , the premise of the film is based around the effects that occur because the core of the earth stops rotating .
1 based on that and the great comedy i have no problem giving this movie 10 weasel stars .
0 the story and scene sequence was totally incoherent and poorly organized .
0 one of the most pathetic attempts at comedy i 've ever had the enduring pain of watching .
1 it takes some time to get use to the hectic camera moves and editing , but it 's worth it .
0 honestly , i doubt genghis khan was as boring and passive as shown in this film .
0 it contains non of the drama , storytelling and detail of the movie .
1 his work as an editor over the last several years gave him the eye that he needed to direct this film .
0 this is a disgusting *and* ludicrous movie .
1 it will leave a lasting impression on anyone who has ever lived in - or visited - québec .
0 this has to be the least pleasant place for a cat to attack a dog , believing the dog to be a mouse !
0 the humour is weak and infantile throughout , and the stunts and race sequences are unremarkable .
0 stephen king makes a mildly amusing cameo as an annoying gardener as does mark hamill , as a puzzled cop .
1 i am not a christian , but i saw this with my mom who happens to be a christian and both of us greatly enjoyed it .
1 overall i just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available
1 caged heat is the directorial debut of oscar-winning director jonathan demme , and it 's a well done little flick with plenty of entertainment value !
0 i would like my money back for this one !
1 i recommend everyone go see it .
1 it especially looks at the problem of innuendo , gossip and expectation when dealing with real-life dramas .
1 a little puzzling now and again the film nevertheless moves well against its sleazy background and constant sense of mob menace .
0 there is not much that one can say about this little piece of muppet history .
0 first off , the plot went absolutely nowhere and anything shocking about this movie was seen in the 30 second teaser trailer .
1 it 's very pity that second part of this wonderful movie had no success , because it very funny like a first part .
1 we have to wait till the end for his trademark slow motion frame , but it well worth it .
0 i got in for free , went in with very minimal expectations , and still left the theater aghast at the pointlessness of this movie .
0 but after that ... everything else is status quo for that industry which is why there are no surprises or week to week interest in the program .
1 tim robbins , one of my favorite actors , does n't disappoint .
1 not that i have not been a fan of nana patekar before this film but this film pushed me from a fan to a devotee .
0 this is probably one of the most pathetic action flicks i 've seen .
0 `` the day the earth stood still '' is easily the worst film of the year .
1 the animated characters and the human ones all share the same reality and are meant to be taken just as literally .
1 the story was completely absorbing and entertaining .
0 a short review but ... avoid at all costs , a thorough waste of 90mins .
0 and why was he even in this movie ?
0 seriously , there are lifetime movies with better acting than this .
1 usually movies like these have a team effort to produce the vision in short , it 's all about passion .
0 really , really dreadful film combining the worst elements of teen movies , prison movies and low budget sci-fi .
0 after the very slow , very intense beginning the film begins to lose it .
0 the only reason i watched this film is because it was free , and i still feel cheated .
0 the overall movie is not really that great , but the nude scenes with rochelle swanson , in fact any scenes with her in are watchable .
1 i wo n't go into whether it is good , bad or otherwise as others have well and truly covered this .
1 it has been and remains one of my all-time favorite films for more than 20 years now .
0 but as the film moves along , it becomes increasingly confusing and unbelievable , finally reaching a ridiculous ending .
1 elmer bernstein 's score is one of the best of its time .
1 this is another fine example of the triumph of daring european cinema over glitzy and safe hollywood fare .
0 the sets in this film , in addition , are fairly nonexistent , and the denouement is abrupt and unconvincing .
0 you 'll spend the rest of your life searching in vain for that missing piece , but it 's gone , it 's gone .
0 the children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books .
0 `` black robe '' is a film i have seen at least a dozen times and it continues to cause utter astonishment .
0 but fighter is much inferior product than these two , it was simply embarrassing to watch it .
0 of course he 's married , what could be an interesting clash of cultures is just dull .
0 the only reason to see this film is if you like very old cars .
1 i am a big fan a faerie tale theatre and i 've seen them all and this is one of the best !
1 a wonderfully touching story with all of the stark realities of life .
0 however it all ends in a laughably horrible ending that destroys everything that went before .
1 my vote is nine .
0 this was one of the worst cgi films that i have seen in a long time .
1 i really liked six men getting sick and this one was great too .
0 but , unfortunately , the script is so preachy and obvious that it hardly seems worth watching .
0 i 've seen used car dealers in tv commercials who can act better .
1 how rare it is to find an action movie with an interesting story and well drawn characters that have heart .
1 there is a lot to talk about , but all i would say is that , you need to watch it .
0 i 'm really disappointed in wes craven ...
1 clearly diane 's work is almost biographical so is n't it actually keanu who `` gets '' her ?
0 sir ben mumbles through every single line whether he is supposed to be drunk or not ? ! ?
1 a good film which i 'm sure has influenced many others of this genre .
1 kingpin is an excellent series , it is one of the best ones that i have seen in a long time .
0 basically , what we have here is another simple revenge tale , and not one that is well done .
0 the short version : not even rachael can save this disaster .
1 being a fan of fantasy films , i was enchanted by the story and characters , though it was over 40 years before i saw it again .
1 al pacino is in his typical fiery form as a 60 minutes producer , and it all combines to make this exceptional masterpiece , a great work of genius .
1 neither knows about the other and the aura of heartbreak just permeates one way passage .
0 now for the truth , its very very weak storyline - for a walt disney film its total rubbish .
1 i saw `` son of dracula '' when it was first released and six times over the following months .
0 the only thing to say about this movie is ... . .
1 leaving his frankenstein monster portrayal behind , boris karloff shows in this film that he can act and do a good job of it .
0 the film features dialogue that is so straight forward and non descriptive , and the subtext is so blandly dumb , it is literally unbelievable .
1 a very touching look at the past and a reminder that casualties of war do n't just happen on the front .
0 it 's not even poignant enough to be thought provoking or depressing ; it 's simply utterly pointless !
1 there is wonderful insight into the `` characters '' who participate in the crossword competition - a whole world out there that i was not aware of .
0 while i adore chaney 's brilliance as an actor , this whole film seems off to me and just downright creepy .
0 this is definitely the worst vampire flicks of all times .
0 dissent , yes ; undermining our country during these times is really ridiculous !
0 the thought that he might take his shirt off really was the only thing that kept me awake until the end .
0 we have kim basinger , the beleaguered housewife slowly meandering thru the local mall for the first 30 min .
1 `` chuck & buck '' handles very serious issues : homosexuality , adolescent sexuality , obsession , and so on .
1 as written above , the characters are the film 's soul , and the ensemble of actors playing them really made a terrific job in the film .
0 the film feels forced and there are plot twists which seem to come straight from `` guiding light . ''
1 greystoke earned three oscar nominations for best makeup in regard to the apes , best adapted screenplay and a posthumous nomination for ralph richardson for best supporting actor .
1 when ben is diagnosed with aids , the emotional impact on the parents is vast , almost destructive .
1 and i was not disappointed one bit .
1 there are aspects of japanese life in this film painted with vivid colors but you do n't have to speak japanese to enjoy this movie .
0 the poor actors .
1 all worth the search .
1 plus , ethan hawke and julie delpy do an exquisite job of bringing the complex script to life .
1 if you get a chance to see it - go - you wo n't be disappointed .
1 and david plays the bad guy to perfection .
1 but also because rob roy is like fine wine , growing more mature and complex with each viewing .
1 a magical journey concocted by alexander korda and michael powell .
1 i was surprised to catch this on tv friday , and i enjoyed it .
0 i echo what other posters have said : how were they allowed to slip into such squalor by their family ?
1 this of course has been suggested before , but to me this is his only film that can , on its own , fully illustrate that simple fact .
1 story continues with his suspension from the team an act of heroism and finally redemption in the championship match against great britain , winning the girl .
1 clever idea , and one of the last good movies joe dante made .
1 this movie have good plot , good acting and interesting ideas .
0 to say this film was bad is an understatement , it 's smut !
1 finally , it is roger michell who pulled it all together to bring all the characters of mr. mcewan alive for us in the film .
0 the jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too .
0 what a misguided translation of what was on stage an absolute jewel .
0 btw , jim sheridan 's works are all good except get rich or die trying ' , god knows why he chose to direct that crap !
1 i cant believe that it was n't released in the cinema as the whole story is brought to life by the amazing acting of maura tierney and adrien brody .
0 but the worst are the fighting scenes where you would think there could be something in it .
0 beyond the clumsy , inscrutable storytelling , `` slow burn '' also suffers from some of the most overripe dialogue this side of `` the black dahlia . ''
1 i never expected the war scenes to be of this standard in a bollywood movie .
0 there are some very moving scenes and excellent performances , but at the same time , i 'm not sure i can recommend this one to just anyone .
1 here we see again why batman is quite unique since we see another person similar to bruce wayne .
0 there is no plot ; it 's all symbolism , a biblical allegory exploring themes that only jodorowsky and his fans can appreciate .
1 excellent performances by pleasence , who got what he deserved in a weird sense , cushing , and dermot walsh , as cushing 's assistant .
1 it must be a reaction of middle america to the recent atheist uprising that there are so many fantastical movies lately .
1 burrows may have been his bird , but she 's excellent in this .
1 also useful as a french listening comprehension practice , especially if you 're as lucky as i am and your copy lacks subtitles .
1 actually a bit more than respected and quite frankly a critics ' darling .
1 unlike a hollywood movie , dark assassin is a labor of love for jason yee and those who believed in him .
1 9 out of 10 !
0 but instead they waste far too much time on gratuitous battle scenes , poorly edited together .
0 the ending stinks ! -- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness .
1 i look forward to watching many more episodes of this series .
0 the humor was , well , minimal and not that humorous .
0 anything would be better than sitting through this waste of resources
0 anyone who enjoyed this piece of crap , obviously needs to learn a thing or two about film making .
0 skip it , even if your life depends upon it .
0 in this mixed up movie , we get two guys who bunk off school and go to the local abandoned lunatic asylum and get drunk .
1 very very interesting movie about self story struggling being a sex addict .
1 this film is really good , anyone interested should definitely check it out .
1 great family entertainment and we need more films like this today .
1 i do n't need to say much about how good this documentary is -- it 's truly an amazing piece of true narrative .
1 a thief in the night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to the rapture and the weeks following that pivotal event .
1 but john also has vulnerability , loads of it .
0 contain spoilers `` lord of the piercing '' is so bad , but so bad that i need to write this comment !
1 the relationship with her close friend is beautiful in an equally different way .
0 i ca n't say it enough , horrible , horrible movie .
0 what ever you do do n't watch this film .
1 action may be a little `` slow '' by today 's standards , but it is one of my top 10 favorite movies .
1 once again , he does n't disappoint ; priestly kept me laughing every second , often without saying a word .
0 one , is a writer who is shopping around a book that is bad .
1 another reason , this film is a triumph , is the superb set design and photography .
1 in fact , it portrays these so well that is seems like real life .
0 wow , this was really terrible .
1 he dies early in the film and the residents of the house are subjected to a number of terrifying experiences .
0 this film is a text book case of a producer with money throwing it at a group of amateurs to make a film .
1 the brilliance of the director ; blake edwards is shown to be at his best .
1 i could watch this movie dozens of times !
1 the film is uneven at time , and the script slightly lacking , but the performances are first rate .
0 poor editing : nearly all scenes lingered too long .
0 ! i hope the director , writer , and producer did n't mean for this to turn out good , because it sure did n't ! !
1 and though not a master , crime spree also steals liberally from guy ritchie as well , right down to the bridge scene in lock stock .
0 direction - let 's face it , george lucas has lost it .
1 it makes all the live action films look painfully silly , particularly the later ones and is truly worth hunting down .
1 the story has minor flaws and some clichés , but hooks the attention of the viewer until the last scene .
1 the coach was never forced to choose between his daughter and radio but rather came gently to the decision himself under radio 's loving and open ways .
0 put them on a yacht , and throw in a script that seems to have been written minutes before .
1 `` rouge '' is part of a trilogy , but very much stands on its own .
0 with a forgettable plot , painful dialog and non-existent directing , this is a waste of film .
0 this quite simply has to be the most moronic film to ever hit the planet .
0 not to mention completely pointless .
1 this movie is a tribute to all modern women without dwelling on feminism .
1 this documentary is not to be missed !
1 i really do n't have any complaints about this movie , except for the disturbing scenes with the body .
1 uma thurman and juliette lewis do n't even seem to be acting , they give such genuine performances .
0 1/10 so last year 's new years revolution was better than this year 's , but it was still alright .
0 jean simmons is simpering and wet - oh , sorry , of course i mean cute and vulnerable , uncle silas and his son crude and her admirer wooden .
0 however , too many plot lines that were not fully developed and poor acting made 102 minutes seem like 4 hours .
0 however , 2 minutes into the movie , we knew we were in for another flop .
0 as visual storytelling , this is a grandiose and miserable failure .
0 i would n't imagine it would be possible to turn a brilliant book into this bad a movie .
0 yes casablanca is a better movie , but although made in the same year and both having nazis in them , casablanca is primarily a love story .
1 the country is like all countries , areas that everyone loves , quaint country areas and desolate areas .
0 i love bad movies , and the moment the babe bad-ass pilot arrived , with a nickname like `` charlie '' , i smelled a pearl .
1 tom berenger has a relatively small role as a real detective and does as well as he can with it .
1 go with it and you 'll be in for a good time .
1 must be my upbringing : ) very well acted by all .
0 if i could put a zero down for a number i would for this film .
0 it was very disappointing to see roma participate in such a poor excuse for a movie .
0 you should see this only if you fancy b movies that are so stupid , that you can laugh at them .
1 this is a classic by all means .
1 once again , woody allen directs , writes and stars .
0 in other words ... . bad movie .
1 in fact it flourishes due to the leads that make you love their characters and have a wonderful charisma between the two .
0 do n't waste your time on this one .
0 in addition to the above , this movie has crap dialogue .
1 the characters felt real and you could relate to their problems and attitudes towards sex , and the dreaded relationship issue .
0 it desperately tries to grab onto parts of the `` indiana jones '' series and misses the mark every single time .
1 add on a nice nyc setting , some terrific costumes and some great production values and you have a fine looking film as well .
1 however , it stands up very well next to other noirs of that era .
0 it was just so low budget and so dang boring .
1 the film itself is an excellent character study , made all the better by two fine performances by the gabin and delon .
1 but there are some problems with some of aldo 's old business partner 's , and one old score may be just the right ticket .
1 my only complaints : wish it were longer and wish it were available on dvd .
1 words like : excellence , entertainment , larger than life and sean connery .
0 the only use this movie has if you 're having trouble falling asleep .
0 overall , this is at best a time-passer due to a poor plot , occasionally poor acting and an unbelievable cruel attitude towards the horses .
1 well-written and compelling , this movie draws you in and holds on tight .
0 acting was terrible but what was worst by far was the storyline .
1 as a bit of a michael dudikoff fan i sat down to watch one of his good old-fashioned actioners - i 'm still waiting .
0 the only thing that i liked about this movie is that it did n't take itself seriously at all .
0 the bizarre voice over comes back , again to fill in the details of a better film .
1 it is such a compelling story of a 12 year old vietnamese girl named holly and an american man named patric who tries to save her .
0 bad cgi , bad screenplay , bad story , bad acting , bad dialog , bad characterisation .
0 i suggest no one should watch this piece of trash .
0 i was expecting gary busey to appear in the film for longer than one minute but that did n't happen .
0 the film is a little piece of political propaganda and deserves a negative score for being less than useless but the choices are limited to positive values .
0 the character who 's comfortable being gay is not athletic and gets beat up .
1 he makes love , convincingly as well .
0 we can start with the wooden acting but this film is a disaster .
1 needless to say , this is a real fun movie to watch .
0 the other problem is that the film is quite simply incredibly boring because it really is just one small episode blown up into a screenplay .
1 at last , a work of jane austen 's that is presented on film as faithfully as it was imagined in the theatre of my mind .
0 you need to sit through a hundred movies to come across one this bad .
0 shane west is passable , but almost everyone else in the film is bad .
1 the second episode of the new `` lost '' gives you just what its fans were lacking - a fair amount of riveting action .
0 the story was quite boring , the acting was mediocre at best , and the images were stale .
0 two bright spots about this film were that it has no > sequel , and that it has a `` mystery science theater '' quality about it .
0 i am a fan of bela lugosi but i also realize that he often appeared in cheesy films .
1 that as well as many , are what make kairo so overwhelmingly terrifying .
1 liotta is taken on a roller coaster of a mystery where you do n't know who is telling the truth and if everyone is who they say they are .
0 i think i only watched and suffered through this dud so i could come here and warn everyone .
1 enjoyed catching this film on very late late late tv and it kept my interest through out the entire picture .
1 these two characters are a mix of charlie brown from peanuts and jack tripper & larry dallas from three 's company .
0 those who require massive special effects , should look elsewhere .
1 do n't look for too much substance or for it to make an out of the ordinary statement , but its a good action movie of its sort .
1 surely serious welles fans will appreciate the lady from shanghai much more than i did , and of course it 's worth a watch if you love rita hayworth .
1 the film had some big laughs , perhaps occasionally unintentional , but also some great action .
0 do not look at the cover , do not read the back , avoid this movie like the plague !
0 a waste of 1 hour and 45 minutes .
1 deals with the material raw , because that 's how it shows it .
1 overall , the dentist offers a refreshing change for nineties slasher movies .
0 pacino can make a recipe for soup sound interesting , but even he did not have enough magic to transform this terrible movie .
0 a blind person could have shot this movie better ... seriously !
1 i remember when i first bought the season 2 dvd set and watched the episodes in sequence .
0 what takes form here is a very typical backwoods survival slasher with just too much talk and innuendo and far too little action and gratuitous nudity .
0 the movie started , 10 minutes passed , after that 30 minutes and i did n't laugh not even once .
1 i love this movie more than anything i have ever seen , and wish it were available on dvd , or even vhs !
0 only eddie murphy and judge `` will work for food '' reinhold were daft enough to sell their souls for the sake of this disappointing drudgery .
0 if you just have to see the funny clip at the end where the kids all get killed , i 'd search the web versus wasting a rental slot .
0 no , valentino was an astonishing stud on screen and a wuss off , the only compelling thing about him are the performances he left .
1 garner 's character never feels the case slipping away from him or the noose tightening as with humphrey bogart 's sam spade in 'the maltese falcon . '
1 he carries the instinct of a lonely hunter through the whole film and gets in the end his chance to become guilty once more .
0 truly dire acting , not a skill in sight in the entire movie its like a cast of wooden sculptures .
1 the casting is fabulous as are the dresses and i could watch it over and over and still watch it again .
0 the acting is n't bad , but again ; nothing to write home about .
1 this is an unforgettable story .
0 so , the film started out decent with some few gem moments , but ended up ruining itself .
0 massive spoilers : first off , it fails right off for having a weak and unbelievable story , all thanks to the brilliantly moronic anderson .
0 but i have actually found some good movies in that bin , so i ca n't fault if for this debacle .
0 as with `` midnight express , '' this movie should make us all think twice about doing something we should n't be doing in a foreign country .
0 the acting was mediocre , and the special effects were deplorable .
0 there is nothing good about this movie.. even the actors are not worth a penny .
0 the special effects are fine and the cinematography is great , the pace is way off and the movie is way too short for its own good .
1 if you 've seen more than a couple gialli , you wo n't have any problem determining who is behind the killings .
0 apparently everybody always appears to pinpoint some sort of gloomy and stylistic filming trademarks in his work that are completely lost on me .
1 the devotion she has to sam and he to her is very touching .
1 once again this shows that at the end of the day the needs of the many will in fact outweigh the needs of the few .
1 what we are saying is so gentle .
0 think about this : the best feature of the movie is the bad acting .
1 however , the truths of the issues addressed were so accurately portrayed , that it should n't be a total lost for the conservative female .
0 plus , the monsters in this movie are so cheesy and fake and not scary that it just makes you want to throw something at the screen .
0 this guy is one of the most annoying characters ever put onto film .
1 this is a film i pull out when i want to believe in the world again .
0 i mean you take a novel like that was then , this is now which is so good and made it a terrible .
1 this delightful summer entertainment hits most of the buttons , including dramatic elements along with the goofy moments that fit perfectly with this script .
0 i enjoy stupid movies , but this one was more than i could handle because it was simply bad .
0 definitely a new addition to my all-time top ten worst films ... it 's up there with `` tentacles . ''
0 come to think of it , this is insulting to people who have drinking problems .
0 d. ) bash in the head your childhood best friend and life-long crush with a shovel .
1 a great movie , one of the best , that would be great even if there were no truth to it .
0 this one is boring , meandering , cheap , racist ... .you get the picture .
1 beautiful use of color , form , imagery , environment -- and fabulous set decoration , combine with state-of-the-art computer graphics .
0 i 'm sure being forced to watch this movie is considered torture in some parts of the world !
0 sexo cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell .
0 my advise guys , do n't watch this !
1 max von sydow was also excellent , and the special effects are simply stunning , plus the chase sequences are awesome as well ! .
0 except for the joplin footage none of it is really good or needed .
0 but what really is obvious is the total lack of interesting dialogue , effects , and storyline .
1 i 'm not a huge fan of his comedy , but this movie has something else .
0 this was without a doubt the worst thing i have ever spent money on .
0 this movie tried really hard to be a good little gay themed movie and coming of age film in general but it was done in by its flaws .
0 crawford 's young children with sullivan are miserable as well and how can you blame them with a mother like this ?
0 the music is somehow nostalgic , reminding me of the old days but the film itself has nothing to do with that feeling .
1 as a viewer , i came away from the film with the same sense of `` shock and awe '' as when i first saw the godfather in 1969 .
0 if you 've never seen an hg lewis movie , i recommend you try `` blood feast '' first instead , you 'll have a much better time .
1 apart from that it was a very funny show .
0 nothing against mr. hoffman , who is one of the finest , most important actors of our day , but this movie has nothing to hold him up .
0 the acting of anne heche and vince vaughan is so inferior to that of perkins and leigh in the original version they have to be seen to be believed .
1 i stopped watching it quite some time ago but recently i caught some new episodes while channel surfing .
1 these two have great chemistry and are just amazing to watch .
1 as a big lenny bruce fan , i can only say that hoffman 's portrayal is almost supernatural .
1 it can lull at times , and might feel somewhat overlong .
1 even if the idea behind it is heavily abused and the end is anything but original 'the i inside ' is certainly worth a view .
1 ` castle of blood ' is a well-crafted , surprisingly spooky entry from italian director anthony dawson .
1 ` existenz ' leads to a conclusion that can be responded to in several ways .
0 depardieu is wasted in a trivial role he obviously is not comfortable with playing .
0 but sun kissed has nothing , nothing to recommend it .
0 i have seen many good korean movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone , but this one sucks .
1 the collision of cultures , the hardships , and the stalinist tyranny all take a deep toll as they struggle to survive and escape .
0 i halfway expected to see dollar store tags on some of the props and kept thinking i would spot a porn star in the cast somewhere .
0 i ca n't really think of any redeeming features of this utterly bad rendering on asimov than the art direction .
1 storywise , `` aristocats '' may not be so complex or innovative , but it does n't matter .
0 do n't waste your time or money on this nonsense .
1 to understand this film , approach each scene as a fresh peek into the characters , their thoughts and their emotions .
0 the returning characters have been reduced to cardboard cutouts of their original selves , with little charisma or energy the new characters are just as bland .
1 i like little britain very much indeed .
1 but with all this going against it , `` jake speed '' really is inspiring , thanks to a charming script by wayne crawford and andrew lane .
1 this film can be enjoyed on so many levels and i really enjoyed the third act .
0 personally i would n't have bothered with the movie if i knew all this beforehand , so buyer be warned !
0 but `` the vault '' is just awful by any standards .
0 quaid 's attempt at speaking with a cajun accent is terrible .
1 almost every shot is perfect - saying so much more than an audio commentary .
1 flight command out of necessity has to be dated , but it is still a good film to watch bearing in mind what these men were training for .
0 i became distracted and started doing other things which is deadly in a subtitled film .
1 if what you want is to be an active spectator and interactive with the movie , you 'll not be disappointed .
1 the book seems to capture the passion of the relationships more so than the movie and the movie will make more sense after reading the book .
0 a real holiday mess .
0 coburn is plenty nasty as the half breed escaped convict out for revenge , but all of his fellow escapees are underdeveloped .
1 this is a by the numbers action flick that tips its hat at many classic van damme films .
1 after seeing the 1960 color version on vhs , i kept saying i remembered seeing it in black and white 2 times before .
0 just promise me never , ever do it again .
0 revolver is one of the most overwrought examples of cinematic excess i 've had the displeasure to endure in quite a long time .
1 fans of all the players mentioned here including myself will enjoy this film which admittedly wo n't rank in the top 10 of any of their credits .
0 the only thing that made me see the movie was maggie gyllenhaal , which i think is really one of the sexiest young actress around .
0 the actors are good , so you must feel sorry for them as they are imprisoned inside their one-dimensional characters .
1 through the movie , one can understand that the last 50 years of chinese history have had their precedent in the last 3000 .
1 the film that took bob hoskins from minor british actor to hollywood and the rest of the cast back to mainstream british television .
0 simply , one of he worst adaptations i have seen transformed into a plot less exploration of heaven on earth .
1 i always had this concept that korean movies were all about comedy and drama , but `` christmas in autumn '' has changed my point of view .
1 it 's not his best , it has flaws , but it 's still classic smith !
0 conrad brooks , the young cop from ed woods `` plan 9 from outer space '' , appears also here but why ? ? ?
1 moreover , it can make us believe that the war has not finished , yet ; at least for some of us .
0 it seems to me that , like many another film personality , she substituted `` naturalness '' for the histrionic ability that she lacked .
1 i 'm only giving this movie a 9 because you freaked me out freaks .
0 stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 instead , i got a film that really looked like a mediocre made-for-tv movie about people i could really care less about one way or the other .
0 worse , they 're actually sung by india adams , whose voice does n't remotely resemble crawford 's .
1 tom hanks like you 've never seen him before .
1 although most of the movie follows him , we are induced to believe that we are being objective , so subtle is the director touch .
1 it was only his third film , but what an impact he had .
1 i wo n't give anything away here , but i find myself constantly tearing up and moved at the thought of what happens .
0 my vote : 1
0 it does n't work as a comedy because nothing is funny , it 's just sad .
0 in other words , you were laughing not only at the moment within the show , but it was a big fat joke on all of television , itself !
1 while i would hardly call the movie a shocker , there are enough unexpected twists to keep you engrossed .
0 the acting is terrible , the script made me cringe , the effects are completely lousy , and everything about it just annoys me .
1 anyone with a terminal condition called life should see and enjoy this film and learn from it .
1 above all the story and the way it is told makes it as the best movie in the recent times .
1 a gorgeous , seamless , seemingly effortless piece of acting .
0 the plot is silly and makes no sense and strongly relies on people acting way too dumb to be real .
1 if you are very sensitive when it comes to extreme racial stereotypes , this cartoon is not for you .
1 but , if you like to watch fat guys sweat and really , really drawn out gun fights , you 'll love this movie .
0 all of the dramatic tension is relieved after forty minutes , which means that the film wanders aimlessly and pointlessly for another forty .
1 honest look at business and failure and consequences and family .
1 this room has n't been in smallville for a very long time , and seeing it again brings back many memories from the smallville 's past .
0 beyond the few laughs supplied by jerry stiller 's crazy old man character this show was generally unfunny .
0 but this movie , at its high points , drags .
0 i saw `` death of a president '' a few nights ago and found the movie to be incredibly boring .
1 mark harmon and mimi rogers shine in two of the best parts they ever got to play .
1 the human characters look very like the ones in gulliver and its incredibly effective .
1 let me briefly just say that if you do not appreciate it , you have probably not seen it for long enough to appreciate it .
0 the style of the film is poor to say the least , and the plot is stupid and unbelievably weak .
1 i enjoy every moment from the time the movie started until the time it ended .
1 i have done extensive searches online with not luck and i was wondering if anyone would have any ideas on trying to get a copy of this movie ?
1 i 'm not sure if i 've never seen every episode , but i still enjoyed it .
1 i was laughing out loud during some lines in the theatre and kate hudson performed remarkably .
0 many of the characters lacked the depth that is seen in the manga .
0 there is no way that untrained civilians could sneak up behind a tank , jack it up , and open the hatch with a saw .
1 for anybody that enjoys good humor who is n't very familiar with the show , check out `` futurama '' .
1 do n't get me wrong -- it 's really funny too -- at my screening the audience burst out in applause after laughing over and over again .
0 so bad they think world war ii starts with pearl harbor , rather than hitler invading poland , or more accurately japan invading china .
0 he just did n't realize that making her do that in the middle of the film at the absolute wrong moment just made the movie even more hilariously bad .
1 while i did not enjoy the 2009 movie by qt , i must thank him for directing my attention to this title .
1 to be honest i could n't really give you a plot synopsis as the film does n't have a rigid story which it follows all the way through .
1 the interplay between these two characters is certainly a highlight of the series .
1 first , hitler was n't angry all his life , the series shows an angry hitler , even when he is a child .
1 the group is led by hans gruber , one of the most interesting villains portrayed for a while and alan rickman 's best role to date .
0 there is much unintentional laughter , but this is not a fun or funny movie .
0 as a film it 's basically an after school special , bad acting and relationship talks , and no one seems to be having any fun .
1 ; o ) this is perhaps the 3rd or 4th viewing for me , and i see more in it each time .
1 if you liked seeing these actors in previous films you will enjoy viewing this film which is very mysterious with very dark secrets .
0 the music is equally bland .
0 the deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she 's just not funny .
0 i took what i knew would be my favorite polanski movie and set it aside .
1 do n't miss this one .
0 who on earth spent money on this piece of junk .
0 some wooden performances .
1 highly recommended .
1 what ensues after developing his bizarre nature , however , is the true core of this absolutely spellbinding masterpiece .
1 except for pinocchio , i do n't know any disney movie more lovely .
0 the characters were stereotypical without meaning to and wooden , most of them seemed like they were on autopilot .
0 there was little time reference , continuity , and certainly no character development .
0 we have plenty of cartoon characters running at each other with swords , but absolutely zero entertainment to speak of .
1 it 's there in all his pictures .
1 the story of a man deprived of his past , doomed with a feeling that he does not belong here .
0 the problems with the featured performances , i think , are as much the fault of the director and the editor , as anything .
0 the fight scenes towards the end were long and tedious at times yet at other times were trying new things by adding weapons and such .
0 sometimes sex scenes make a movie but in this case it just ruins it .
1 my vote is seven .
1 i remember to have seen her in the programme of the vienna ice revue in brussels in 1961 when i was 5 years old .
1 this is my all-time , number one favorite movie .
1 this is not a movie in which all people are shown as corrupted , fallen beings .
1 the segment i thought really brought out the film especially when he danced and sang the song `` smooth criminal '' with a bunch of criminals .
0 why were all the other muppet films that came after this one so much less interesting , moving and funny ?
0 avoid at all costs vote 2/10
0 it 's very rare that movies bore me so much i fall asleep during them .
1 but , if you 're in the mood for some madcap shenanigans and have n't ever seen this , you 're in for a treat .
0 amongst its many sins is the quite obvious failure to make the lead character remotely sympathetic until the last minute .
0 also there 's some sort of monster breeding in the high school ... my god , this movie 's a mess .
0 for those looking for a sequel for the fine south african miniseries of the 1980s , this is n't it .
0 jackie smith wood who played mary crawford was okay but the wig she wore was so ugly .
1 the writers were able to turn a courtroom script into an incredibly funny exchange of dialogue between lawyers , judges and witnesses .
0 he has already ruined other franchises with his previous films , and now by directing and writing alien vs .
1 it will probably be playing on and off a lot in the next few weeks on abc family , so do n't miss it .
0 most of the attacks are rather quickly presented and it 's clear during the flesh eating the look of latex , cheap and disappointing .
1 lloyd kaufman 's introduction is as always hilarious .
1 this movie is really an entertaining , good clean fun movie , for the kiddies .
1 tom cruise is in his element here and they do n't get much larger than the vampire lestat .
1 this was the most visually stunning , moving , amazing and incredible story i 've ever experienced .
0 i have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid .
0 the parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy .
1 i definitely recommend this movie for all young girls .
0 although the film is n't really ever boring and moves along at an average pace , the utter cheapness of the production pretty much sinks the whole affair .
1 this film is of personal interest for several reasons .
0 after you watch it , sit and think about the fact that someone actually put up money to shoot , edit and release this thing .
0 avoid this movie at all costs .
0 the overall look of the film resembles a soap opera , resulting in a very dreary boring film .
0 any discriminating viewer will be annoyed by heavy-handed editing , intrusive and pointless special effects and general lack of substance .
0 i 'm giving this movie a 3 only because some of the acting was good .
1 this adds great realism and depth to hauer 's performance who is perfect as an eccentric man with most of his life behind him .
0 son of the mask is so bad i 'm not even going to do a detailed comment like i usually do .
0 the third part in a horror series can´t be that good , it just can´t .
0 i 'd be happy to never see this effect used in a movie again ; especially at the beginning , it almost makes the movie unwatchable .
1 because it lost money , joan crawford always dismissed it , but her smoldering sexuality bursts every time she appears .
0 a waste of time from start to finish .
1 directed by oscar-winner : mike nichols made an lively , entertaining sharp satire war comedy that is based on a true story .
0 i knew it was a b movie , but this was below even that .
1 leonardo dicaprio really proved that he 's not just a pretty face and that he does actually have a great deal of talent .
0 this movie offers nothing that would be even remotely considered scary , not even to little ones and it has nothing to do with gore or slasher shock value .
0 i needed to kill about 1 1/2 have hours but was only was able to stomach about 3/4 of the movie .
0 i just could n't see the point in any of it as it appears to be a series of unconnected scenes badly put together .
1 what develops is an excellent dark comedy/drama that explodes from the first frame till the last .
1 through precise observation and careful staging she displays the weakness and the strength of the characters .
0 in my opinion this movie has shown india in a very bad light giving wrong notions .
0 watching adam goldberg deal with some of the same foreign travel problems and relationship issues that torture him throughout this movie .
1 great fun for the whole family !
0 basically , never watch this movie because it wastes time .
0 amitabh has often used the media to make this junk sell able by saying that -- if such an incident happens ... then what ?
0 i was really mentally fatigued so i decided to spend the evening with something mindless , just dribble in fact .
0 the second story `` non-fiction '' is not as painful but still is a joke .
0 you know a movie is bad when the highlight of it is being able to see a brief moment of `` jeopardy ! `` .
1 it 's an interesting story told very well , and every scene moves the story , which reveals good film-making instincts went into making this film .
1 this was poe , the comedian , at his finest .
0 world heavyweight championship kurt angle vs. mark henry 3/10 : the worst match of the night & the worst main event ever .
0 the characters were unlikeable because every two minutes , they started screaming the same thing over and over again .
1 the movie has slight plot holes but overall it 's a good movie .
0 the impersonations of david letterman and jay leno are performed in a satisfactory way by john michael higgins and daniel roebuck , though the performances were n't great .
0 i was hoping that pulp would be a interesting movie , but was profoundly disappointed .
0 that point being when all the illogical nonsense going on got so high that i did n't know what the hell was going on , much less cared .
1 i recently purchased this dvd at best buy and i loved every minute of it .
1 the photography and other technical elements without the cacophony that gets into all bollywood movies makes this a cool experience .
1 i 've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time .
1 overall , the invisible ray may not be one of the very best horror films of the thirties ; but it 's a very good one and comes recommended .
1 i guess you 'd really have to be a viewer back in the 1930 's to get the full impact of how titillating a lot of the film was .
0 this is n't the worst comedy of all-time , but that is about the best thing that i can say about this pathetic film .
0 but ... this film is nonsensical .
0 yes , he wanted the guy pretty dead , but could not point the gun to the hot bad-ass babe pilot and waste her , too .
0 she does n't even seem to be that interested in her , she seems more like a victim in their `` relationship '' .
0 his strong visual sense is , as usual , undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast .
1 a super comedy that is all the more funny because it deals with real people like you and i .
0 obviously , the name coppola in the credits could n't do anything to guarantee success here , even with more than one listed .
0 an epic over the top speech as though from an inhuman robot .
0 even the brief joy of richard roxburgh 's hugh ca n't save the film from failing badly .
0 they desperately try to have a good time but their pockets are just too empty to think of anything else .
1 an unconventional historical drama , with some fine battle scenes .
1 overall , a very clever film due to a lovely script -- with some overtones of film noir .
0 i avoided harry potter for just that reason .
0 it is a wonder why an actor of his talent would be involved in such tripe .
0 this movie fails miserably on every level .
0 despite the well paced ending , this one gets a 3 .
0 i am generally pretty open and like movies a lot - especially action - but this just stunk on sooo many levels
0 this italian jaws rip-off makes little sense most of the time , and no sense the rest .
1 so if you like movies that are stupid yet funny this is a great one to watch .
0 the cgi shots are also no where near as good as the film makers think they are .
0 plot loopholes are abound , and you can drive a horde of running bulls right through it .
0 so much is going on , and so many special effects and new plot lines are shoved in your face way too often .
1 as another review stated , just do n't analyze it as if it were a serious movie and simply enjoy the fun .
1 and i think it 's a gem of a programme which has never failed to raise a laugh yet .
0 opening with a horrible scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune , this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy .
0 i ca n't believe david mamet and ridley scott 's name appear on this travesty .
0 this movie sucked so bad i could n't even pay close attention .
1 i so enjoyed the movie that my plans for tomorrow have come to a screeching halt , as now i plan on going to see the 2006 marie antoinette .
1 the story was just humble , could be compared to many other thrillers .
1 a delight to the senses .
0 the first minutes seam to be just a needless clone of the first movie intro and then it is becoming even worse .
0 what a boring film !
0 the characters were so wooden that they probably contracted dry rot from the tears of the patrons who had the misfortune to watch them .
1 this is a fine concept piece and the acting by brando is a fine piece of work .
1 my third viewing of this masterpiece some time ago revealed to me just how brilliant it really is .
0 the tv pilot movie does n't get past the credits before it 's obvious just how bad it 's going to be .
1 this movie gives you everything .
0 this was no columbo , just a shallow and totally predictable crime drama with our familiar lt. columbo written in and stretched to 2 hours .
1 a true masterpiece of the soviet cinematography .
1 overall wagon master is no more nor less than one more precious pearl in a necklace of john ford 's wonderful westerns .
0 a laughable plot from beginning to end with some of the worst direction ever to make it to network .
0 as dominic monaghan is a very credible actor , placing him in a film of this caliber makes him look awful .
1 overall , the movie is satisfying , more routine than i expected , and yet a worthy entry in that fascinating sub-genre , the gold rush western .
0 his only funny quality was that he looked goofy -- surely not enough reason to put him on film .
1 highly entertaining , amusing , and accurate .
1 movie has some slow parts in it , but overall it is really funny and not to be missed .
1 being the underdog genre , you have to know that these kids are n't going down without a fight .
1 my respect and admiration for mr. coppola is of the highest order .
0 this movie is so cheaply and badly made that `` plan 9 from outer space '' looks like a big budget production in comparison .
0 i do n't personally recommend this when you can watch other cheesy vampires films or other cheesy space movies .
0 truly dire .
0 really very disappointing .
1 his performance is not without a touch of overacting , but actually that adds realism to the character 's exaggerated personality .
1 my grade for this : b
1 overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation .
1 this movie is so heartbreaking but also wonderful to watch and i ca n't wait to see it again .
1 it is probably the best movie he ever made , filmed amidst the miles of rubble in berlin .
0 one to avoid .
1 it 's hilarious and poignant , full of wonderful little touches and unforgettable performances .
1 it shows the real picture of our society and it really is thought provoking .
1 this picture refers to itself as a mystery , but a mystery involves a gradual process whereby a viewer is given clues and twists throughout a film .
1 well worth your seeing .
0 the characters are undeveloped , the plot is ridiculous and the plausibility impossible .
1 this gets you really involved in the film , as you form your own gritty mental images of what has happened .
1 it manages to be emotional but not sappy .
1 the shark attacks actually occur in the last 20 minutes , far too late to make this movie as good as it could have been .
1 this show appeals to the young and the young at heart .
1 decent script , good direction , great plot , and spectacular performances .
0 as for me i felt i wasted 2 hours when i could of been doing something else .
0 the only reason it did n't get a ' 1 ' was that i could n't bring myself to call it completely 'awful . '
0 look , some film has got to the be worst ever .
1 while miss winfrey was tearing up , i was laughing and screaming like a wild indian from the old west .
1 it introduces new legendary pokémon and adds depth to the relationships between its characters .
0 the sound was unintelligible .
1 i 'm giving this a rating of 9 out of 10 simply because some segments were excellent and covered issues that usually get censored .
0 really , enduring love does nothing to keep a person interested .
1 bill paxton did a great job directing those kids , and his acting is awesome .
0 this movie was fairly weak on the dialog , the acting was n't particularly convincing , and the action was spotty .
1 i watched it for the first time the other night and it has jumped right to my `` top 10 '' movies of all time .
0 the screenplay was infantile and bore little resemblance to the pulp story .
0 ming has all the badness of an accountant .
0 the plot itself was so bland with clunky , awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably would n't amuse brighter pre-teens .
0 i ca n't imagine any self-respecting talent not weighing in on how to make this story better , but then how could anyone have saved this cinematic disaster .
0 so b for prince 's chemistry with the male co-star , and an f for his chemistry with the 2 females .
1 this show reminds me a lot of the classic family sitcoms from the 80 's and 90 's that used to be on abc .
0 the quintet of hollywood veterans provide the only pleasure to be had from this meager production because whenever they are offscreen things get pretty dull indeed .
0 the acting was c**p , the scenes were often too dark to get what was going on .
1 duvall is this film , and he has made this kind of intense , honest character study his own .
0 i gave it a three for the effects and the little amount of tension you get from this .
0 these characters randomly were involved with the progression of the plot , which became too convoluted with each passing minute .
1 this bbc miniseries stays true to the book where others have shockingly not bothered to follow the narrative of one of the best novels in western literature .
0 judd , molly , ally , emilio , but they did leave out anthony , the breakfast club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting .
0 i believe `` the wind '' is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
1 i recommend it watched at least twice : ) .
1 intense actors like bruce dern , jason patrick and rachel ward combine to make this modern-day film noir a winner .
0 on the surface the story is interesting enough , but too many points are left dangling .
1 overall it was pretty good and i give it a 7 .
0 the way george katt played his character makes it very annoying to watch .
1 also , the cinematography is at once gritty and beautiful , bringing the lower east side setting to life in a very tangible way .
0 none of the original film 's quirky nature and distinctly british flavour has survived being fed into the hollywood hamburger machine .
0 dreadful writing , horrible directing and wooden acting .
1 if you like comedies you will love this movie .
0 regardless , these characters are really unlikeable , and as a consequence , it 's hard to really give a crap about the plot or what happens to them .
0 after smoking a joint at a party , the cutest couple in school produce a gigantic worm monster that settles in the basement and feeds on teenage scum .
0 an action film with that guy from bloodsport and enter the dragon , directed by the guy who did enter the dragon - and it 's cheap ! ''
0 hell , i could watch a movie just about laird hamilton - one of this generation 's great athletes - so the rest is just gravy .
1 if only bette davis and joan crawford could be alive today and see this !
1 the portrayal of the oldest , middle , and youngest child is dead on .
1 its very funny and the characters are great , its a nice show to watch and every episode it has its laughs and moments .
0 the whole film was full of completely unrealistic happenings right down to the decor in her hideous apartment .
0 fortunately , this is a fairly short movie , so you wo n't waste too much of your life on it .
0 repetitive music , annoying narration , terrible cinematography effects .
0 worst case of false advertising i 've seen of late .
0 sure , i 'll give them the credit of the cool effects ; but the killer did n't seem as scary as he could have been .
0 i honestly found myself fast forwarding a lot in this film because i kept getting so disinterested with the plot .
0 artie lange 's acting is horrible .
1 this movie is up there with the all-time classics .
0 she alone gives her role any gravitas at all ; the other characters have clearly trained for their roles by watching crappy american reality tv shows .
1 it is probably especially for lynch fans but there is a chance you like this .
0 let me first start this off by saying any movie with corey feldman in it will automatically lose one star from me .
0 while okay to watch once , i was not that thrilled the second time around .
0 preserve your sanity , stick clear of this heap of total excrement !
0 unfortunately the actor who plays dominic , the source of the horror , tom adams , just looks silly which ruins any possible horror .
0 the whole lesbian pregnancy theme is so fake , comprising the final with the 2 lesbians kissing each other and the father of their children .
1 i would strongly recommend this film for any musical fan whose been dying to see a musical make a faithful transition from stage to screen .
0 fortunately , only a few people liked this - which is natural , since it 's the worst film ever - , so it was n't successful .
1 brian keith plays one of his best roles ever as american president teddy roosevelt .
1 i like how he talks about things that most people shy away from .
1 granted , lucas grew up during this period and was into cruising , but the setting is still essential to the theme of the movie .
0 they did hold to some of the story but what little they did even this they destroyed .
0 the photography in daylight is banal and cluttered , with an excellent feel for thailand 's countryside , but the night scenes are glowing .
1 throw momma has n't dated at all , it 's as funny now as when it was released .
0 the visual style is very flat and dull , although there is some really nice editing once in a while .
0 recommended to watch for a good laugh over the stupidity of the police officers involved - 2/10
0 the people who produced and directed this monstrosity stayed too long .
0 leave it to ted mikels to make a movie more incompetent than the already low standard he set in previous films .
0 it 's really sad to see a movie with fine actors and a beautiful set wasted on such an awful , awful , story .
0 would not recommend it to my husband 's dog , who will watch anything .
0 i am a sucker for the parody genre .
0 fyi -- this film had the dubious distinction of being selected for inclusion in the book `` the fifty worst movies of all time '' by harry medved .
1 the film is five years old and rings more true every day .
0 the set are pathetic , the acting very wooden and it moves too slowly !
1 it is a surreal , enigmatic , often strange , but ultimately deeply rewarding experience .
1 boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent , but bacall is 100 % american , not of the british upper class .
0 the guy was a sniveling idiot and the girl had even less personality .
1 its one of those films that helps you understand how different and yet the same families are .
1 i 'd give this movie overall a 8/10 .
0 this pilot was the biggest disappointment of the new season for me .
1 7/10 stars .
1 the realistic and unbiased view of the facts by the girl , refusing vincenzo 's money , touched me a lot .
1 this is probably the most odd entry , but so intriguing that you ca n't look away from the craziness that ensues .
1 highly recommended .
1 my favourite was and still is flower , she was a great leader and she lead the family with an iron paw .
0 drew barrymore & jessica lange , two of our better actresses portray two exceedingly selfish , spoiled rich women who through their own stupidity fall on very bad times .
1 the movie is rather long , but it is worth watching it all -- take it bit by bit !
0 the entire cast is making fool of themselves but it seems they thought they were doing shakespeare in space .
1 bottom at its absolute highest perfection .
0 unfunny , silly , stupid characters and costumes , the worst production values and a dumber plot .
0 i thought the undead was stupid and bad , this is worse .
0 the film is of course not scary and i do n't think it was trying to be scary .
0 instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains .
0 all the characters that are meant to be likable are n't and everyone else is the 'bad ' boyfriend .
0 this is one of the worst films i have ever seen .
1 almost nobody 's seen this movie , but it 's secretly a great film .
1 the untouchables is a really tight and slick movie .
0 the problem is not that its so bad as to be bad , rather its because its so badly paced that its really really dull .
0 also , the editing was poor , and only a child would think that the scenes truly played out the way they were portrayed .
0 this film also had flashbacks to scenes that either happened twenty seconds ago , had no significance , or were n't even in the movie to begin with .
0 i 've enjoyed some of dennis quaid 's performances in the past , but he goes totally over the top in this film .
1 talking bout this great game bring tears to my eyes .
0 also comments referring to propaganda were also way off the mark .
0 if minghella had strengthened the importance of the love story , then he would have had , i feel , a better picture .
0 i 've seen more convincing effects in homemade animated films , and the editing looks like it was done by a six year old kid riddled with add .
1 all in all , this is a powerful and heartwarming film that i hope everyone gets a chance to experience .
1 it went on swedish , danish and finnish television also , in it 's time , but that was a long time ago .
1 but hooper 's chainsaw is more than just a classic horror film .
0 the ideas are great but bookwalter , one can only assume was exercising sloppiness , chose not to care much about them .
1 bond has appeared in more of the afi top 100 films than any other actor , both the original and revised list .
0 there are many , many scenarios where even the most innocent physical contact can be misrepresented by one of parties involved , or by someone observing .
1 this movie has to be seen to believed .
1 truly a magnificent job breathing life into a series that could have very easy been done in once and for all with another terrible installment .
1 a truly heart wrenching film .
0 one of the worse surfing movies i 've ever seen .
1 one of my favorite movies , although it 's really too long to be a `` movie . ''
1 bette is in her element and the songs are classic .
1 let the virtuoso take you on a surreal , scary , erotically charged odyssey and you 'll enjoy every frame of `` dressed to kill '' .
1 it 's worth seeing this movie just to see crawford in a stunning performance , and close to her best , i think .
1 the last time i watched it was after about a 7 year gap and it still delivered .
1 it is soft and sweet one moment , difficult and tense the next , but always subtle and sensitive .
0 anyway , as for saif , you 'd expect a great performance , but even he let down the people .
1 in my views it gets 10 out of 10 .
0 it 's such an incomplete looking and technically inferior film , i do n't see how it has gotten such rave reviews .
0 so , the initial problem with the film was deciding to do it at all , and the rest of the train wreck progressed from there .
0 from the plot to the props , to the horribly tasteless computer generated graphics , right down to the acting , this movie was really flawed .
0 too bad imdb does n't provide negative numbers for ratings , because this howling dog deserves a minus 10 ... ..
0 for old time 's sake , i 'll be generous : 4/10
0 adam sandler is annoying .
1 one of my favorite films of all-time .
1 this is one of the funniest movies i have seen , i really enjoy it every time i see it .
1 the bestiality of the pirates is well shown in the movie , particularly a singularly tall actor who in one scene wears women 's clothing to particularly unsettling effect .
0 two plots are in this film - the hunting of a serial killer and the romance between norris and his pregnant girlfriend .
1 this is one of those rare films that can be enjoyed or appreciated on many levels separately , or all at once .
0 i really ca n't express how bad this is in the 1,000 word limit .
0 i am completely baffled by the fact that this film was ever made and what possibly could have motivated it .
0 horrible movie .
0 1 out of 10 , and do n't just go by my rating watch this movie !
0 the picture quality was not good due to the directors penchant for poorly lit scenes .
0 two fbi came to the village , where this happened and investigated the case it was just an example of what was going on there .
0 jane looks ugly and is nothing more but stupid and brainless shooting and killing .
0 you have freshman community college movie school special effects with loopholes the size of the kimberly hole .
0 this movie is one reason imdb should allow a vote of 0/10 .
0 if you like bad movies , you have to check it out .
1 there are no words to describe the emotion that fills within me when thinking about the lives of american indians .
0 this is without doubt the worst film i have ever seen .
1 if you are too immature to watch the characters for their personalities rather than their bodies or are of weak constitution pass on this series .
0 the movie is just a waste of time .
0 this is an absolutely dismal sequel , with annoying performance from david bradley , and dull action scenes ! .
1 its one of the best arnie movies of all time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 i can not for the life of me imagine why any of these great actors and actresses would allow their name to be associated with such trash .
1 expecting the worst , `` hitch '' proved to be a pleasant experience because of the three principals in it .
1 john leguizamo does an excellent job in this movie , probably the best performance i 've seen from him to this day .
0 james marsden could have done better but it could have just been that the dialogue was poorly written .
1 i had to watch this one for my canadian cinema course and i was told that it was considered to be the `` best canadian film . ''
1 nevermind all the meaningless hollywood flicks , this is what movies are all about .
0 trust me , do not rent this garbage of a video !
0 the whole movie is about a 1 , but the ending is a 10 , so by my crazy math it gets a 3 overall .
1 like so many of shakespeare 's great tragic heroes , shylock continues to fascinate after 400 years because he is such a difficult and complex character .
1 altogether fascinating and unconventional i should think it would repay many repeated viewings .
0 for people that like movies , do not watch this one .
1 it 's a lovely bitter-sweet story surrounded by an edgy plot and plenty of action and bits of humour .
0 on second thought , neither i nor those browsing the imdb have time for a complete catalogue of its failings .
1 bravo director strick , screenwriter haines , as well as casting director and cinematographer in creating this masterpiece .
1 the amazing phantasm score is n't really played , but a slow violin version that sounds great is herd often which adds to the drama of the film .
0 to make matters worse , the weak script is also full of inconsistencies .
1 every cast member is wonderful ; the love scenes between gary and ingrid will make your pulse race !
0 not just for defamation of character , but also for being associated with such a second rate piece of hackwork .
0 lots of mud everywhere , dirty faces , not an orderly kitchen , only very rough houses .
1 one of the best segments !
0 they are noisy and uninspired .
0 i 'm sure they regret that they took part in this disaster .
0 every single joke falls flat and the `` romance '' makes me want to vomit .
1 if you liked the old 007 movies with sean connery and also like movies like airplane or hot shots , you will be delighted .
1 besides being really funny , it also has its sobering and touching moments .
0 moments , crying , screaming , and characters you could care less about , all shoved down your throat .
0 from step one i was hoping that the crocodile was a red hearing , but alas .
1 he paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look .
1 ultimately , it 's just a unique and bewildering experience , and i think everyone should see it .
0 nick nolte is the priest who tends to the lad and much of what he says might have been interesting if the sound was clear enough to hear .
1 i would advise both but buy the image entertainment dvd version though if you wan na really enjoy the film .
0 all the movie is shot in day and there like no gore and near no blood and 1 demon for the whole movie .
1 i recommend it to any parent who 's looking for something their kids have not seen , and everybody else , for that matter .
1 i score it a 10 out 10 .
1 it makes me smile and laugh each time i see it .
1 as much as i have loved the other episodes , episode 4 is the best yet .
1 pure family `` fun '' !
0 one one hand , the stunts took considerable talent but on the other hand this is mindless trash through and through .
1 a great columbo movie to watch !
0 there was no action , suspense or any horror and the characters were pretty heartless , so there was no caring what happened to them .
0 the action sequences were only fair , and the special effects were a joke .
1 if you want spooky atmosphere along with great writing , then check these out as well .
0 awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you 'd be better off asleep .
1 jam packed with everything you look for in a movie , done with that certain tarantino style , it 's worth being checked out .
0 the novella , or short story , had several key ideas like futility and craziness , which the movie left out .
1 original , tng , and voyager are my favorites in that order .
1 of all the entertainment directed at kids , this is some of the more gentle and least commercial i have come across .
0 i would warn anyone who feels affection for poirot and the great body of his work before this absurd farce to avoid it at all costs .
1 there is n't much flaw to the show other than the network , the cw .
0 director knee does alright but the film has that bland shot-on-video made-for-tv look about it , it 's utterly forgettable & flat stuff throughout .
1 the movie is worth seeing among all the cynicism we get today for its sincere intention to present a modern ethical issue without any desire to arouse the viewer .
1 it is so full of unexpected jokes and wise cracks .
0 what could have been a nice little comedy turns out to be a complete bore .
1 i was so pleasantly surprised to find a genuine hidden treasure .
0 poor george murphy for having to say those wholly unfunny lines .
0 secondly , the werewolf costumes are the lamest you have ever seen .
0 i mean i 'm not bitter or anything but i want the 90 odd minutes i spent watching this crap back .
1 this movie rates eight out of ten and should not be missed .
1 this movie tries to touch you , to reach your heart .
0 this has got to be one of the most demeaning films i have ever had the displeasure of watching .
1 all i heard about all year was how great this movie was , and how scary it was .
0 all of the sets look fake and there is n't much physical violence : one underground parking lot shoot-out that does n't last long and a fight .
0 the film leaves a bad flavor in the mouths of modern movie audiences .
1 sandra illustrates the expectations of women in the age of feminism .
0 a professional production with quality actors that simply never touched the heart or the funny bone no matter how hard it tried .
1 if you have a rather strong constitution and like your humor very twisted and gross , then give this a watch .
1 this film is a must for your collection and is one of the best , most entertaining , funniest , best storyline , national lampoon 's film to date !
0 i was completely disgusted by this movie .
0 in this one , amy adams sucks .
1 this was elisha cuthbert 's best performance .
1 i saw this australian film about 10 years ago and have never forgotten it .
0 the lead character was not very bright nor likable , and i spent most of the movie hoping for her demise .
1 paramount finally released it on dvd april 19 , 2005 .
1 instead of the evil twisted genius set on making monsters or ruling the world , karloff 's goals are incredibly noble .
1 the animation is n't as impressive if you have know the series but it is still fun to watch is you realize how it gets done .
0 there was n't a single scene in the movie that impressed me or made me feel like i had just seen something special .
0 what is to be dialogue is very lame and the actors are pleasant looking enough , but seem to lack genuine personality .
1 it is a rarity in its genre , for it goes deeper than the standard formula horror movie , presenting a story under a story .
0 as a result , a fraction of the running time is spent wondering if this film is going to go anywhere .
1 robert stack and dorothy malone are at their peak as the troubled hadley siblings , and they really took the roles and ran with them .
1 cheadle and sandler make an odd couple , but that does n't matter , because it 's convincing that they might both need each other .
0 too terrible for words .
0 there plot is non existent , the acting poor and the characters inconsistent .
0 the girls ' characters are diminished by their inability to recognize how they have mistreated him , and seek to better themselves .
0 it 's devoid of even the campy charm that ed wood might have put into it .
1 i 'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch .
1 it was highly believable that anyone under these circumstances would behave and change the same way .
1 his sympathetic look at these ambitious and under-appreciated performers is moving and genuine .
0 i obviously was n't expecting this national lampoon film to be anywhere near as good as van wilder or even dorm daze , but this one was just pathetic .
1 the cameos are great as well : omar sharif , richard wilson , sir john gielgud , kristin scott thomas , ned beatty .
1 if i can recommend one television series you should be following right now , it would certainly be this one .
0 there 's simply been no character development of aragorn .
1 what happens next is one of the most scary movie i have ever seen .
1 the most definitive movie on mumbai police .
0 one second people are one thing , the next moment another , for no reason .
0 thumper 's siblings are inexplicably turned into very annoying little sisters .
0 i recommend this only to those who are fans of straight-to-dvd movies and have a desire to see every single slasher ever made .
1 by keeping the audience in the dark , the film remains fresh and original as it progresses .
1 this movie was full of sensational scenery and the director had taken a photographer 's approach in catching the atmosphere at hand .
1 my respect and admiration for mr. coppola is of the highest order .
0 it was very slow , and unwatchable .
0 to me there is nothing funny about this movie , even if i try to give my brains a so-called day of .
1 if you want the story , you wo n't find it in this review , but i will say that the climax will haunt you for a long time .
0 do not waste your money on this piece of crap !
1 there is a scene in it that is shot from the perspective of the person being murdered and i mean it is aw inspiring !
0 the only good things i can say is some of the scenery was filmed nicely and a few scenes were mildly interesting .
1 i first saw the > movie on cable and found it to be a very funny movie .
1 my school 's drama club will be putting this show in the spring of 2002 , and i can only hope we 're as good as this !
0 it has been a while since i had so much fun with such a bad film .
0 i hoped to learn something from this movie , but i was disappointed .
0 i ca n't understand why this is n't in the worst 100 .
0 i saw the last mimzy and the water horse on two consecutive nights , and now i have forgotten many elements of the former simply through watching the latter .
1 this film is the one film of the nineties which i can watch again and again without getting bored .
0 this movie does just the opposite of what it means to do , partly because the audience do n't need to learn hannah 's lesson .
1 but i have to say that i really liked this film and robin johnson 's manic , gutsy , authentic portrayal of nicky to be best of it .
1 this movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing south africa .
0 but , i think after finally seeing this film , i can safely say it 's the worst .
1 the adventures of robin hood is one of just a few oldies that i can watch .
1 aman charms the entire neighbourhood , brings all indians together and solves their problems .
1 the acting is also really good from both actors .
1 it 's not really frequent to see a french movie get success in the usa but i think that this one has everything to succeed .
0 the only reason anyone should want to watch this , is if they want to enter a coma for a brief period of time .
0 i was able to sit through this without getting too bored , but that 's probably the nicest thing i can say about this time-waster .
1 if you are fed up with many of those modern starlets , seek such movies out and you shall be satisfied .
0 i can usually take my doses of vinegar in good stride , but every once in a while , you get a movie that bites back .
1 running out of time is probably as close to a perfect film as you 're ever likely to see out of hong kong .
1 usually i 'm more into cartoons meant for grown-ups , but i also do like stuff like spongebob .
0 that movie is full of outdated jokes , which we know from films like naked gun , top secret and the like , just worse .
1 saw this on an airplane today , and now i 'm kicking back and looking it up .
1 the film has all of the right elements - old dark house , atmosphere , a decent story , and barbara steele .
0 in my opinion , a bad movie is one that ca n't entertain you in any possible way .
1 at last we have a movie about real human beings defined by their own time .
0 grade : d+
1 when he 's assigned a job in buenos aires , he discovers the tango -- as well as the beautiful woman who teaches it to him .
1 well choreographed and well shot .
0 while the acting is mediocre at best , the biggest problem is the script , which is poorly written , slow and plodding with no real direction .
1 this movie is freely available from the internet archive and it 's well worth downloading .
0 the historical backdrop might still be of some interest , but that too has been horribly botched .
0 * the acting felt wooden although nandita das brought some life into the role , the others were wasted .
0 a camp movie rating : 4/10 i did get occasional laughs from the sheer badness of the film , so it does have small merits in it .
1 andie mcdowell was as beautiful as she always is .
0 second , the dialogue is much more problematic .
0 this film has no saving grace , no enjoyable character , nothing funny , and nothing sad .
0 it was probably the second worst movie i have ever seen .
1 overall the time has become a classic that will live on forever bringing in new waves of followers .
1 i was not expecting a curiously sincere , although somewhat slap-stick , film about class differences in nyc .
1 there are no unnecessary scenes and i found myself captivated throughout the whole movie .
0 now , only god himself is capable of answering the question `` why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie ? ''
1 i always wanted them to have other children after bonnie blue died in the movie and this satisfied my need perfectly .
0 and the big brother with the parental role is just awful .
0 also , one of the characters that suffers the most in any movie !
1 it 's when she puts the craziness to one side and finds the pathos in the character , , that she 's at her best .
1 no matter -- it 's as much a director 's biography in hidden form as ever there was , fellini , bergman , and woody allen notwithstanding .
0 my roommate in college dragged me to this piece of crap , and i 'm ashamed to say i actually paid top dollar to see it .
0 really , not very good .
0 not recommended at all .
0 skip this film at all costs .
1 i gave it an 8/10 - a high score for me .
1 there 's something for everyone in all of them , and someone who adores one may hate another , easily .
1 the characters in this film do n't know why they hate the way they do , they just know that they do .
1 and if they where to make another movie like this i will definitely watch it .
0 oliver stone does his worst directing ever .
0 i saw a bad effect of a head being crushed , brain tissue , and blood coming from the penis area two times .
0 i frankly lack the patience of a regular viewer and , if i must get hooked , prefer that happen from the very start .
0 it 's very boring , i almost ca n't watch till it ends .
1 a major meditation on life from one of our most gifted writers and directors .
1 while i did n't mind the pacing due to the beauty and suspense of the film in question , i do think that it will both most people .
0 the direction often seems more like choreography , with bacall or her friends moving about the set in exaggerated or bizarre fashion .
0 how did they even get the money to make this ?
0 the film is easily the most meandering , pointless horror movie i 've seen in a long time .
1 iron jawed angels has all of the elements of the best human drama : loyalty , disagreements , violence , personal sacrifice , and yes , triumph .
1 rko studios turn out a nicely made ghost story , which holds a certain amount of charm , and on show is a beautifully elegant production .
0 besides casting new actors and actresses who could n't act at all , the storyline was just downright terrible .
1 the production values are not as high as those of the american epic films , but this film is more creative and more fun .
1 i had no expectations for this film and as a rule am not crazy about period pieces , but this one swept me away .
1 so if i 've spoiled the movie for you , i must say i 'm glad .
1 even though the movie deals with more serious issues , it 's still very funny and you laugh a lot .
1 i think fever pitch will help him out a lot .
1 this movie showed just how hard it really is to subvert these terrorists , even with good intelligence .
1 not for the final time does he steal the show in a lewton production .
0 it also commits the cardinal trash movie sin of being extremely boring .
1 some of the performances are goofy , some of the images are goofy , but hey , there 's nothing wrong with enjoying this movie .
1 in scarlett , you see how much she has changed .
0 this whole darn movie is a spoiler in itself !
0 when it was over i could n't believe i had sat through the whole thing .
1 overall , the beast is a shocking film .
1 jang initially explores the idea that j is the one that in control of the situation , then hauntingly , the reversal happens when j becomes obsessed with y .
0 we wait for walt to develop a mind of his own but sadly that never happens .
1 i would recommend this for anyone who is an admirer of the late john cassavetes .
0 reitman starts with a great premise , and really squanders it .
1 bill paxton is awesome , his directorial debut is even better than what i expected of an actor whose most memorable line is `` game over , man !
0 jason yee stars in this miserable dreck .
0 it 's not clear which bush he was talking about , but vidal takes every chance he gets to make pompous , oversimplified statements like that .
1 very funny .
1 and finally , please bring some children to see this so they can see the `` other side '' .
0 we suffered through about 45 minutes of it , and all agreed to leave the theater .
1 the story is , as most swedish films and books of the time , deep , consciously provocative and awe inspiring .
1 but it is very successful as an indictment of the collective conscious of the public .
0 the crazy cases they get are so outlandish , they barely evoke sympathy or sadness .
1 of all the 1980 's films i watched as a kid this was on of my favorites .
0 i ca n't imagine anyone but film students sitting through it today .
1 i have been trying to catch up with this for years ... ever since it was barely released ... critically slammed ... and buried .
1 this is a documentary unlike any other .
1 sean penn gave oscar-worthy performance , robin wright penn was just great , travolta was very charismatic and great as always .
0 *1/2 from ****
0 man of a thousand faces is a film that positively reeks of hollywood sap .
0 some of the computer generated graphics are very good , but others were just mediocre .
0 the plot is convoluted as are the characters .
0 you really have to be a fan of ... ... ... ... oh what the heck , this movie just plain stinks !
1 we had seen the ambiguous advertisements in the back of comic books for months and just knew this was something we had to see .
1 there was character development , plot development , superb animation , emotional involvement , and a rational , relatable , and consistent theme .
0 other than that i would advice anne rice to take an ax and start hacking those who destroyed her brilliant story .
0 it 's a mess of 70 's clichés , which , since it came out in 1981 , you 've got to believe were stale , even then .
0 the sound and at times the editing and camera shots are low end of b-movies .
1 i feel the picture is underrated and is better than the present 7 it has received .
0 the actors were poor and storyline was bad .
0 the acting is excellent considering the script & the whole atmosphere of the film is very foreboding .
1 this film takes my breath away .
0 but , for me , there were no laughs in this turkey .
1 jack black is amazing as the elf with the pierced genitalia , an amazingly rude but not crude plot line .
0 though some of the actors were convincing , most of the acting was bad .
1 i instantly fell in love with `` pushing daisies '' .
0 very where eagles dare , very u.s. marine corps , very hollywood , very full of sound and fury signifying nothing .
1 dr. john harvey kellogg was pretty much as depicted in this film , a most excellent job by anthony hopkins .
0 and the fillers are just the same stories being repeated over and over again .
1 crusoe is vividly polished and does not appear to be a computerized beast in any way .
0 i 'm sorry to be rude ; i love horror films , and can tolerate even the most extreme , to the extent even of worrying my partner .
0 the only solace is i didnt pay to watch this .
0 i saw it when it first aired , but i could n't watch it again since it brings back such bad memories , plus it 's so biased .
0 if you 're looking for a comedic masterpiece this is n't it .
1 beware : this film is not for the squeamish .
0 it is also as misguided allegory about the cold-war and arms races in general .
1 this movie is absolutely haunting !
0 this could be interesting , historical film if made properly , but it definitely is n't .
0 a couple of times the plot may seem to be leisurely , but it is n't .
0 this goes beyond cheating and remains the worst resolution to a cliffhanger ever .
0 i admire them for attempting to tackle a dark storyline without the normal hollywood cheese but i 'm sorry to say the filmmakers have failed miserably .
1 sophie 's choice dares to show us those true horrors of life .
1 a must to see for most people .
1 it 's perhaps allen 's most comedy like comedy .
1 kate del castillo , who plays the boy 's mother , draws us into her plight with subtle focus .
0 the mere fact that someone can be deprived from freedom , even just for a few days , can leave a sour taste .
0 that 's the real horror of this movie , a complete waste of time .
1 excellent action scenes , good comedy and i do n't think i have seen mark dacascos ever been in so many great fight scenes before .
1 thank you star trek for making voyager , i enjoy every episode , the creative exploration of possibilities , of morals , and of our cosmic expanse .
0 considering it was the 70 's and special effects were n't to sharpe , this movie just about equaled the definition of crap .
0 there 's no neat resolution , no definitive full stop , because then the audience could stop thinking after the final reel .
0 its plot has more holes than a string vest .
0 it may well serve as the most important tool available to young white males to illustrate how incredibly stupid they look trying to be black .
0 i like the idea of the concord and this could of been the best airport movie , but they did too much with it .
1 i know , sounds like a cross between a b-movie , willard , and a sci-fi channel original movie , but it 's actually really good .
1 i loved every single character throughout the game : not just their personalities and wit , but the way each character is animated superbly and distinctively .
0 for the first time in reviewing films , i found myself immediately uninterested in this story .
0 because the ending completely destroyed any sympathy i had for what the main character .
1 ida lupino was one of the best screen actresses of her generation .
0 heck , they 're even kind of scary in the scenes where they show them briefly wreaking havoc on this poor family .
1 please release this show and make us happy : (
0 as a scuba diver , i can appreciate the incredible physical strain the cameramen must have endured to get the shots underwater .
1 this movie was a chance to make film history by featuring murphy in his own exciting story , something that 's never been done before or since .
0 if i were lana and mgm or the studio told me to make this turkey , i would have sued .
0 oh well , do n't waste your time , watch the usual suspects for a decent movie with a good plot .
1 it is a gentle film , where matters of the heart are more important than the acts that made antonio the remarkable person he is .
1 it is a great show for anyone of any age .
0 of all stupid comedies i have ever seen , this one takes the lombardi trophy .
0 i do n't recommend this movie .
0 some reviewers would no doubt describe it as `` exotic '' , but a more accurate word would be `` atrocious '' .
0 i wanted all the characters to die of the poison - along with anyone who had anything to do with the relaxation of this cinematic sludge .
1 but much of it works quite well too , especially the acting , which is pretty good across the board , the crisp pacing and the driving musical score .
1 i do n't know if you can call it acting but whatever you call it he is great with it .
0 the film jumped all over the place and switched scenes with no apparent rhyme or reason .
1 is one of those top 10 movies every guy should own .
1 funny , scary , gripping and haunting .
0 but if you are somewhat normal , and do n't need to see real footage of animal cruelty , pass this one up .
1 albert finney and tom courtenay are brilliant as sir and his dresser .
1 i just like that so much , that this is probably one of my two favorite episodes .
1 so well made , no cgi crap .
1 it is this balance of the absurd -- blending a healthy dose of paradox in a normally predictable setting -- that gives `` 101 ways '' its edge .
0 the movie should also be commended for making diana ross equally bad and beautiful within the same movie .
1 bravo -- an american classic .
0 if i 'd been at the studio i 'd have sent this one back for a complete rewrite .
1 everything else is really great , unrecognizable for most of americans , known for the rest of the world .
1 namely a cruel and relentless tale of violence that brings out the absolute darkest side of the human mind .
1 after the beating that berkley took for showgirls this tv film was not an upward career move .
1 the supporting cast works for me from cannon to greene to wexler .
0 unless you are a die hard pauly shore fan i suggest you stay away from this one .
1 the plot is indeed very strange and a touch nonsensical , but the movie has such a fast pace that i never questioned any of the happenings too much .
0 if all you do with it is create a `` spam in the cabin '' type horror movie ? ?
0 so many things in this movie just do n't make sense , and the acting ai n't too pretty on the part of the main girl character .
1 it is acted live , with all the limitations that brings with it .
1 i recommend to see it , especially if you like to see italians ' life ...
0 and practically minimal action to speak of .
0 the script was poor and john gordon sinclair trying too hard to recreate his schoolboy image , slightly wacky and off the wall .
0 watch it only if you wish to feel better about your own life , and/or to laugh at a very sad , very pathetic hairy little man .
1 that right there is enough to jar one out of enjoying the show properly .
1 the taking of the bridge was a complete success , and meant the that the end of the war was near , and would not last through the summer .
0 the only value in this movie is basically to laugh at how bad it really is .
0 if you just want to get out of the house , please save yourself and see `` the matrix . ''
0 fx - part of fox - put this cheesy production together and dropped several million dollars on it .
0 for someone who has watched a fair amount of foreign films , i am sad to say that i truly am dissatisfied with this picture .
0 wanda nevada is a complete waste of time unless you want to see a good many terrific shots of the grand canyon .
0 but i think this is a case where the director got himself too involved and lost perspective .
1 it 's thrilling throughout , and you ca n't ask for much more than that !
0 the acting is horrid , while the cast is simply reciting lines with little feeling .
0 this is easily one of the worst 5 movies i 've ever seen .
1 another reviewer said it better than i ever could : open up your hearts to titanic , and you will not be disappointed .
0 in a society that judges women almost entirely on how they look and very little on how they think , this show does nothing but enable that culture .
0 the last third of the film is an improvement over the lethargic first two thirds , but the movie ends refusing to explain itself .
0 the film tries to be funny , but fails utterly .
1 this is actually a feel-good movie , as diana grows and learns about herself through boxing , meets a guy , and addresses some very serious issues head-on .
1 not only is flynn the perfect custer , the character actors are superb .
1 not only did i see the movie twice already , i must say this is a very original version of the `` usual '' .
0 kris kristofferson is simply a case of very bad casting .
0 faith domergue can do better than this .
1 i do n't even care if you dislike the movie , but no one has a right to discredit the film .
1 like i said before it does n't leave you breathless a.k.a satya .
0 this spin off was self-indulgent and unnecessary .
0 this film is , quite simply , excruciating .
0 some decent actors are largely wasted in this pale sci-fi tale .
1 and that is most apparent in his framing of the action .
0 a film whose only point is to say that violence is pointless and inescapable .
1 snoop dogg was perfect as the main character , jimmy bones .
0 it was 100 % adrenalin shock factor , without any new or innovative effects , and certainly no back story , character development , etc .
1 how wonderful to see dave prowse again after all these years , and able to poke fun at himself and the star wars legacy .
1 highly recommended .
0 `` dr. dolittle 2 '' is a poor sequel and i would only recommend this movie to someone with a `` cheep '' sense of humor .
0 the acting is generally awful , except for chris o'neil who comes off best ; he reminds me of the young henry thomas in e.t .
0 i feel bad for the people who wasted money funding this garbage .
0 only arthur leaves the show with a modicum of dignity , the rest of the cast are pitiful .
1 his flashback speech is important in understanding jack and his `` just do it '' and `` move on as quickly as possible '' philosophies .
1 all in all , this is a fabulous movie .
1 this is not one of her best roles , but i will continue looking for more of her films .
0 she misrepresented an actual pittsburgh native .
0 chuck norris is an abomination who should never have been allowed to be filmed in anything .
1 but it 's pure fun , it looks great , and remains light without mocking itself .
1 in a film that is in many ways about acting , the acting is fantastic .
1 i have seen most of the hitchcock films and the innocent are virtually always just that , innocent .
1 i genuinely felt this movie & a treasure like this does not come along very often .
0 i do n't think it 's the pits , just too familiar and unfocused to be much effective .
0 this is the first time i review a movie on imdb and i am taking the time , as i said before , to spare someone the torture .
1 i ca n't wait until this film comes out to video so i can get it and see it over and over again .
0 do n't spend the time on this one .
0 but the most absurd part has to be the cat costumes towards the end , which look like cheap rubber outfits someone bought at k-mart .
0 i can not watch a movie where one of the first lines , from a grown man older than myself , is `` i 'm 17 ! ''
1 so to make a long story short i give this cool macross knock-off 7 stars .
1 i just hope it will be on again or comes out on video .
1 definitely a kids movie to teach the morals of not `` judging a book by it 's cover '' .
1 the film takes a dark yet strangely comforting turn as these characters magically become sympathetic before our eyes .
0 and if it is , please bring me more adult comedies so i wo n't have to sit through anymore of this crap .
0 the actors all do what they can , but there is nothing to do but work hard to try and make something out of nothing .
1 while the cast is excellent , this is bette davis 's first great role and one of leslie howard 's best performances .
0 3 ) custer 's promotion to general is not only presented as a ridiculous mistake , but it plays out as slapstick comedy .
0 i love the lord of the rings and i 'd love to see a funny parody of it , but this was n't it .
0 it would like to be in the tradition of `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' , but lacks that film 's poignancy and charm .
1 he 's not the witty , energetic thin man in this , but a very committed and serious , dignified person with a lot on his shoulders .
1 i am in love with his eyes and well everything he does is superior to most british actors today .
0 unless you feel you have to watch everything he 's done , just skip this dud and rent `` predator '' or `` terminator 2 . ''
1 the movie gets really carried by the three main characters , that equally share the screen time .
1 recently most of my friends recommended this sitcom to me strongly .
0 all i can think is that andy cheng must be a really nice guy to get this many good actors into this foul a project .
1 those wishing to see film noir remakes , should not see this as as a remake , you will always be disappointed .
1 he is a crippled victim of hannibal and the make-up is so good , i did n't know it was gary until the final credits .
1 midnight run 's strength is its ensemble of fleshed out , beautifully realised characters that make the whole thing so damn funny .
0 i often wonder what inspires people to make bad sci fi ?
1 it was extremely well acted by almost all the cast , and robert de niro in particular gives a performance worthy of an oscar nomination .
1 this film draws heavily on biblical themes and you can certainly see similarities with such films as `` the seventh seal '' .
1 the raw footage and insightful content of this film is an excellent example of how documentaries should be produced .
0 like i mentioned previously , the logic behind what certain characters did were absent and contributed to the incoherence of the plot .
1 in fact , i think they both share the same message , that is , that helping those most in need of help gives life meaning .
0 the violence is shoddily done , and they do n't even seem to care to try to hide it .
1 for a film to have so much influence on you that i can feel proud of being a headbanger , metal kid or whatever its always a great thing .
1 this character was a far cry from pre-code kay roles and real-life spitfire kay francis .
0 it is definitely not worth spending either money or time .
1 my vote is ten .
1 oberon gives her role the right light touch .
0 there are some funny bits , but otherwise it is a cliché bore .
0 the frustrating part is that it 's 1/3 of a great film .
1 a very interesting , psychologically well developed film , that starts from the rather simple and then becomes more complex .
1 i have never seen a properly dubbed film in my life -- they never can find voices that suit the film 's actors or characters .
0 1 ) if you want to make a movie that deals with social realism it 's quite important that the audience identify with the characters that are being portrayed .
0 but then after the rescue occurs , the series proceeds to grind itself stupid .
1 warner 's performance here is , as always , perfect .
1 when dismissed , gina feels like her whole surrounding is changing .
1 it 's got all that 's needed to make it a great slasher film , possibly the best of the year even though it 's kinda early .
0 might be in there to promote discussion , but again , it reflects no possibility of redemption or joy in this story as a whole .
0 without an appreciation for the working reality presented , even the best visual effects can not carry a film .
1 wayne crawford strikes again , or rather this was his first big strike , a deliriously entertaining little ball of manic kitsch energy masquerading as a psycho killer movie .
0 do not watch this movie .
1 please continue producing more movies with true meanings .
1 there is a time commitment in watching this : over 30 hours , all told , but it is more than worth it .
0 on a scale of 1 to 10 , this one gets a 1 ...
1 matt damon is also very funny .
0 i never really like hartley in anything personally .
0 the message of the film - ugly people have to marry ugly people , beautiful people have to marry beautiful people - is truly discomforting .
1 a highly entertaining comedy enterprise by two stars who were at their peaks .
0 whoever wrote that dialogue really sucks and hopefully will never work again and be killed .
1 the fact that i had not seen nearly every seinfeld episode made this bit of stand up even funnier as i had never heard most jokes before .
0 the characters are difficult to care about and the acting is poor .
0 it 's just nauseatingly bad like you ca n't find anything to enjoy about this no matter how hard you try .
0 if you get stuck watching this , check out the score and the sound editing .
1 this is a beautifully done movie in every respect , including max steiner 's music , and holds the viewer 's interest throughout .
0 even jackie chan films show asians as 3-dimensional characters .
1 the look in gwenn 's eyes and the repressed joy and romantic hope in his face -- even at his stage of life -- is bliss .
0 this is one of the worse movies that i have ever seen in my entire life .
1 highly recommended
0 the executive producer puts his own image in the film ... its just pretentious .
0 i 'll give it a 4 .
1 overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan .
0 surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black-and-white to colour again , but there is little of interest to speak of .
1 there are certain deaths in this film that you ca n't possibly see coming and even the final battle at the end of the story is shockingly unpredictable .
0 also the three flying skulls which were supposed to be scary had the opposite reaction from my audience .
0 and on a side note , a mundane curiosity overcame me : how come they get to walk around freely around the prison ?
0 that 'll teach you not to make something so awful next time . '
0 kane hodder 's portrayal of ed gein is so far off , it 's not even the slightest bit funny .
1 i absolutely adore this show !
0 its jokes are not funny , and you 'll have much more fun parodying or watching a parody of it then viewing the movie .
1 mute witness - low budget , not hyped at all and very good .
0 the twists and turns were laughable and predictable .
1 quagmire did n't used to be one of my favorite episodes until i began to enjoy the humor of the x-files more .
0 now it 's sadly just an overlong , derivative and dull movie with only just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences .
1 for all the moviegoers out there on heavy drugs ; you will love this movie .
0 none of the protagonists are named , the villains are numerous and without motivation , and the pacing is amateurish .
0 it looks like barbara eden really let herself go and she goes on and on about how quantum science has something to do with her crazy new age beliefs .
1 that plus the outrageous photography together with the hauntingly beautiful music , make for a lovely ride .
0 there did n't came any good scene at all .
0 nudity : $ $ $ $ spends a good deal of time naked , attempting to seduce half the men at the sanitarium .
0 the ending was completely anticlimactic and suffered from the most melodramatic scoring of the film .
1 i have asked around for this movie , and most video stores do n't even know about it .
0 simply that the action and suspense does n't live up to the standards we are used to from other movies of this kind .
1 izzard was both hysterical and insightful in his humor .
1 you have to know that it 's kind of hard watching columbo catch this one .
1 her character is much softer than her role in six feet under and all of the performances are strong .
0 this film was a real waste unless you are a punk rock fan .
0 the acting was horrible , the cinematography was very poor , the plot made no sense at all .
0 even if you think uma is a goddess like i do , please please do n't subject yourself to this movie .
0 hamlet 's famous soliloquy , ` to be , or not to be , ' for example , is truncated into oblivion .
0 i mean , obviously the director had a small budget , but that does not excuse him from anything except special effects .
0 the plot is very weak .
0 if you carry all of your sensibilities into the theatre with you will surely have them all crushed .
0 not funny at all .
1 this is a unique movie as it is the last performance charles nelson reilly ever did of his one man show .
1 the film is part murder mystery and part lucid dream .
1 i ca n't think of another movie that handles the theme of aids so well , so artistically .
1 i particularly enjoyed the romance between brett and billy especially when she stood up to her sister ashton for the first time .
1 its a shame how they do n't better select who they pick .
1 finally , i could watch this film for toby stephens alone ; he is so good-looking , rugged , sexy , sensitive .
0 editing is bad but how do you edit such a mess ?
0 a big , huge , waste of money .
1 gunga din is still a great film , entertaining and funny .
0 i would not recommend this to anyone , unless you have an abundance of free time , and really need to kill some time .
1 it sets a huge contrast between the classical poetic work and the violence .
1 sexy , dark , funny and smart .
1 this film does for peak oil what the day after tomorrow did for climate change - set the cause back about ten years .
1 it is the best special-effects kung fu movie that i 've seen to date !
0 without comparing this too much to the first butterfly effect , the storyline was what made me watch this time waster .
0 in a word , it is embarrassing .
0 sometimes the music wins , sometimes the movie loses , and i turn it off .
1 dalton possesses the same elegant charm that gable did , which is essential for rhett 's character .
0 all in all , a bland piece of crap .
0 watching this movie was like hitting my head repeatedly against a brick wall .
1 the overall premise of the film is fun , and the film delivers non-stop laughs .
0 unless you have like 45 minutes to waste do n't watch or listen to this garbage .
1 although it does not quite live up to the original , it is nevertheless a sweet and enjoyable movie .
0 this movie has nothing to keep you watching .
1 the shining is an absorbing film that i enjoyed watching although i 'm not sure i 'd watch it again anytime soon .
0 the plot is completely derivative , the acting is wooden , the characters are uninteresting , the special effects are beyond bad , and the score is annoying .
0 i 've seen schlock in my time but after viewing the wretched mess i do n't think i can ever watch a another movie again .
0 yet somehow the interesting plot lines wound up unexplained or ignored , like they never happened .
0 maybe not an elephant , but i certainly managed to easily forget this turkey , which i saw many years ago .
0 eventually it all becomes a game of cat and mouse , which leads to an ending that makes no sense whatsoever !
0 jokes that play like the first draft of a `` will and grace '' episode .
0 once again , decoteau manages to poop out a movie that has absolutely nothing to offer .
1 keaton turns in an absolutely great performance with a great showing of slapstick , sympathy , and and romance .
1 the ending may have been tragic , but what lessons that other characters learned from arkin 's john singer would change their lives eternally .
1 overall , the story and gags are contrived , but the film has the charm and finesse to pull them off .
1 i give it a high rating .
1 everyone over the age of 49 ought to be required to watch this film .
0 this is the worst movie i have ever seen , despite my lack of expectations .
0 plus , the way it ties in to the original film is laughable , bordering on insulting .
0 finally , the production values are very poor , too , making the film look second rate at all times .
0 lastly , take it to your local hazardous waste management facility immediately so that it may be properly dealt with .
1 a treat not just for your eyes but for your ears too and it will even leave you with a warm thought when the credits roll at the end .
0 while this movie is supposed to be about christian and kathryn meeting for the first time , the movie is a poor copy of the first cruel intentions .
1 ralph fiennes is perfectly cast as the brooding lover and geoffrey the wronged husband is beautifully underplayed by colin firth .
0 from wanting world domination to being gay = bad writing .
1 it seems that no matter how many films are made on the subject , there is no shortage of stories that emerge from the second world war .
0 he is a really bad actor and should n't be allowed to make a movie ever again .
1 this movie shows what real courage is , and real courage is n't always what you think it will be .
0 her performance of elizabeth short is so forgettable , it may work in her favor .
1 these are things that can and should be forgiven , the acting is acceptable in places from the unknown cast and it 's done with a sense of humour .
1 but while the movie is choppy as a whole , some of the scenes are breathtakingly raw .
0 this film is quite simply not funny .
0 if the flat jokes were n't bad enough , and there are some groaners , the sex scenes are tepid enough to bore even those with insane libido .
0 overall , i found it to be at best a snooze-fest and at worst more than a little annoying .
0 4/10 go sun devils !
1 his scrooge oozes with nastiness until the very end of the movie .
0 as well , half the narrative consisted of a lengthy confession , with holmes only present in the prelude , which would have surely disappointed most filmgoers .
1 although i marginally liked kill bill better , this is still an extremely good movie that i think everyone should see .
1 you 'll really be touched by the intense emotion of this film .
1 i 'm not a big musical fan , but this is one of the few i really love .
1 the movie split in time , is magically shot , amazingly acted and has a touching script .
1 this show rocks ! ! !
1 dated , to be sure , but worth a glance for film buffs ; martin scorsese named this as one of his heaviest influences .
1 it 's a bit slow to getting off the ground , but stick with it , it 's well worth the wait !
1 this sword fight has been considered by many to be one of the best ever filmed .
0 how this piece of garbage was released i will never know , but it has and unfortunately i watched it .
0 at over 40 million bucks , heaven 's gate is so poorly conceived and executed it would take a lifetime to break down every area of failure .
0 the conversations between madsen 's and hopper 's character are pointless , just like the bored chatting between two buddies while drinking beer on a saturday night .
1 this is a movie you wo n't soon forget and will likely enjoy .
0 this is a wretched , wrong-headed little waste of celluloid .
1 but this is something to watch and this is something that no one has seen the best that was created in the philippines .
1 my friend marcus and i were browsing the local hastings because we had an urge to rent something we had never seen before and stumbled across this fine film .
0 the so-called `` hard 10 '' is the most insipid plastic creature there is ; i honestly found her friend patty to be much better looking than her .
0 nothing redeeming here for even the most die-hard of horror fans !
0 the acting is hokey , even for a low-budget horror film -- i did not , for a second , believe these were college theater students .
1 this made me laugh out loud a lot , with perfect british and verbal material .
0 when something happens , the reactions of the characters are vague and dry .
0 well , feardotcom is certainly mindless ; indeed , i muttered out loud when the credits were running , `` oh my god !
0 in last exit to brooklyn they may , but its not in any satisfying way , and i 'm not meaning a happy ending , just any ending .
0 in the end , it 's neither outrageous enough to satisfy as a spoof , nor is it serious enough to enjoy as a b-movie pastiche .
0 this movie was god-awful , from conception to execution .
0 i 'm still not sure why i sat through the whole thing .
1 i actually own the film because i did n't return it to someone ...
1 the bottom line is , if you like tim meadows and his leon phelps character , you 'll be able to watch the film .
0 being the only shining light in the film , including a memorable moment in front of the mirror where he screams at himself .
1 the characters all seem to be from different cultures & from different eras which really is jarring , particularly in the 1960s - 1970s laid-back style of carradine .
1 one of the most wonderful pieces of animation i have ever laid eyes on !
1 the movie is powerful as a political statement about extraordinary rendition , torture and the politics of the war on terror .
0 ridiculous and lousy movie .
0 i ca n't believe this movie was financed by someone and made .
0 the worst thing was , i hold the belief that that the director was trying his absolute hardest .
1 warm , gentle colors fill the screen with stunning images and sounds , both music and painful silence awaken all our senses .
0 perhaps it took on too serious a tone - the evil movie producer working the chipmunks to death .
0 the whole movie had this poorly contrived aura about it .
0 while the secret of nimh was exceptionally animated and had vibrant colors , this had poor animation and very weak colors .
0 there a few subplots in a weak attempt to try to make the main character more three-dimensional , but for the most part , they also fail miserably .
0 if you loved the first one , do n't bother to see this one .
1 i can barely even describe the wonders that are packed into this short series .
1 `` more '' is a document of the end of the sixties -and a document of the end of the hippies illusions as well .
1 the flyboys is definitely the best adventure movie i have scene ever , and that is coming from a film major who sees movies all the time .
0 grim reaper is a really awful film thanks to a terrible script that is confusing , has a rubbish story & is as dull as dishwater .
1 `` everything is illuminated '' is a magnificent , moving piece of cinema .
1 jacob is the loving and loyal wife who becomes either the instrument of iago 's revenge against othello , or the object of his wrath .
1 the tv production is n't perfect but it presents the babe 's story with more depth and complexity than goodman 's one-dimensional telling .
0 but this monstrosity is even beneath his limited capabilities as an actor .
0 the cgi was not done well either .
1 still gets four stars because streep is just so good .
1 i give it a 7 because of the storyline that weakens with the season .
0 while it was a very suspenseful film , with lots of moody atmosphere , it went on forever without anything happening .
1 the film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman .
0 i have never before seen an actor get every line of a movie wrong before .
1 so much more with it .
0 a bad remake of a bad 1960 film , somebody inexplicably decided that it would play better as a musical .
1 cop movies are 10 for a dollar but this one always sticks in my mind .
0 wish i could give it 0 stars cause that is what this movie deserves .
1 yes i have memorized the whole movie and could quote it to you from start to finish .
1 this film is antonioni 's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution .
1 by the same director this one is a must .
0 very forgettable film ...
0 c'mon , no real , proper , worldly , grown-up person could possibly set this kind of retarded hogwash on paper ?
1 this looks like real people , hardly formula driven and thankfully drives my statement against racial prejudice home , gracefully and heartfelt .
1 has become a cult film over the years and has been on my must-see list for ages .
0 in the final analysis , `` scary movie 2 '' is like a fine bottle of wine that was opened far too soon .
0 naturally , this is a bad idea , but video games and movies alike thrive on bad ideas .
1 the portrayals of all the leading figures were outstanding , especially oliver cotton as cesare .
1 jim morris got one , followed his heart and got a chance to live his dream .
1 concentrate on what you can not comprehend , and this will be a phenomenal film for you .
1 i can not understand how anyone would not like this show .
0 if you 're looking for a proper horror movie , skip this one keep on looking .
0 i have n't looked it up , but i would be shocked to find that anyone associated with this movie ever appeared in anything of cinematic value .
1 indeed , it enhances the impact of the story by making it more personal by showing us how and why the grinch became what he was .
1 this is an excellent romantic comedy about a man and a mermaid who fall in love for each other in a modern fairy tale .
1 this film taught me a lot about human nature , and about having such ardent hope amid such dire conditions .
1 this is probably the most memorable performance of his career .
0 the story is really not compelling and i never believed in the characters .
1 the only other documentary i 've seen that is comparable is gates of heaven .
0 this image quality is just one teeny bit better than you get of a mobile phone and the plot is soooo bad .
1 it is perfectly cast , very nicely photographed , very well acted and the direction is spot on .
1 `` cinderella '' , on the other hand , set in a world in which the very dirt sparkles , is clearly the best .
0 it seemed like none of the actors really wanted to be there - they were all lacking emotion .
0 there was no chemistry between anyone , and when the clichés began to cause a horrid avalanche , i was caught with nowhere to hide .
0 simply put - i could not feel the slightest bit of rapport with anyone in this boring film !
0 this film definitely had a great premise to work with , but it tried too hard to please the curious minds of its intended audience .
0 unless you have an academic interest in the period i strongly suggest steering clear of this one .
1 the main characters were great developed and raven himself had such a great mystery over him as a former member of the black dragons .
1 along the lines of 28 days and the thing with the way the people react to being put in a stressful situation .
0 i really believe a fourth grader could have written better dialog and plot .
1 not lewd , but enchanting .
0 i watched this movie last night and wished that we had n't wasted our precious time watching this film .
1 i would love to be able to watch this film if anyone will have a copy of it .
0 this is the kind of dubbing that grates on the nerves , with nothing even remotely funny about it .
1 i liked this movie not only for what it said , but how it said it .
0 the idea might have been good , but it was n't carried out in the script , in most of the acting , or the editing .
1 spectacular and fun-filled , the movie is never a waste of time .
1 this was a really good movie with the dream sequences a bit of a twist on the tired old `` why wo n't anyone believe me '' style plot .
0 the wedding was completely unconvincing and a dumb finish .
1 there are so many interesting things in this film that its one of those movies that can be studied and talked about to great lengths .
1 two of my favorite movies of all time are `` pride and prejudice '' , and `` wives and daughters '' .
1 what i liked most was its metaphorical allusion to the distance in relationships and how the important people in our lives stay with us even after they are gone .
0 there are no humor , no story , no acting and no action .
1 very convincing tale and interesting with surprisingly good acting from all .
0 this movie was a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale .
1 when spiritual connections between two of them establish viewer realized that under different circumstances it would be a happy couple .
1 he steals every scene he is in , although that 's hardly difficult when he shares screen time with the extremely annoying patrick warburton .
0 the episodes themselves could contain easily a good clean script ranging over 5 minutes , but oh no jesse does n't want this .
0 an impressive supporting cast is wasted with nothing to do .
1 but denis lets this man be himself , films him in his self-absorbed quest .
1 preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked .
0 also , the story lines are awful and after watching it for a few minutes , i am bored with it .
0 soooo , painful .
0 instead , it spouts cliches that try to pass for profundity .
0 first time ever i walked out of a movie .
1 if you have n't seen this movie , see it soon !
1 this is n't a great movie , but it 's certainly better than the eight dreary ones for fox and mgm they 'd made in the early 1940 's .
0 plus , the actors does n't fit in the story , the casting director is really a clown , or he was doped when he chose the actors .
0 the soundtrack is nonsense , people in theatres were laughing most of the time specially in the gay love scenes as the proper music for the moment is lost .
0 this film , `` the key , '' is a dud in every respect .
1 and yes , i also consider it 's a gem waiting to be discovered and release in a excellent dvd special edition .
1 in short , it works well as an off the wall comedy , but works even better as a disenfranchised , controversial statement on modern western life .
1 it is hilarious and i am not sick of it even after seeing it about 20 times since i bought it a few months ago .
1 the humor here is n't always obvious and in-your-face , but it 's lurking within nearly every line in every scene .
0 compulsive viewing .
0 i hung in there for 45 minutes and just could n't stand it anymore .
0 so , to the rest of you : be warned , folks , if you 're looking for cheap thrills , this is not the right movie for you .
0 if you are expecting horror , forget it .
0 and the relationship between the two main characters seemed to suddenly appear without any basis .
1 to see this instead of the comic book characters we are so familiar with is refreshing .
0 this movie is really just an incessant cell phone ringing and someone picking it up looking harried and worried .
0 perhaps that was interesting then , but i felt it added nothing to the movie .
0 its not bad so much as pointless and dull .
0 the book is fantastic , this film is not .
1 the animation is superb , and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen .
0 a cheap thin soulless rip off only liked by facile kitschy college freshmen .
1 a fascinating blend of present-day remains , and the grandeur of the ill-fated ship on its maiden voyage over 90 years ago .
1 both loy and harlow wore stunning costumes that were always appropriate to their character .
0 a pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes .
1 either way this is a must see film , i hope they come out with another witty installment as good as this ! !
0 so they trot all of these awful singers who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic rock song imaginable .
0 the movie tries , and manages to create the 6th century atmosphere .
1 it shows the man 's work for the wilderness and a natural understanding of the harmony of nature , without being an `` extreme '' naturalist .
0 the writing was just terrible .
0 donald pleasance and peter cushing united in one horror film ; that always sounds like a terrific plan .
0 please , do n't waste your money on this film .
1 do yourself a favor and demand this set on dvd !
1 the film narrative sets the story of this protest within another , contemporary story that begins in new york city , in the present .
1 i thoroughly enjoyed it in a way that i have n't experienced for a long time .
0 the title song is excruciatingly awful as is most of the muzak .
1 the film is fast paced , tough and brutal .
0 i was very disappointed in this movie .
1 it 's rare that i get the opportunity to review a film for imdb that relates to my own life in such a close way .
0 this ... this ... thing insults the audience at every opportunity .
1 and of course , kim basinger stars in this film as one of the best bond girls of the entire series .
1 also , the sound effects and design do a lot to add to the spooky and emotionally haunting atmosphere .
0 there 's absolutely no reason to watch it .
0 it might be a little shocking , maybe , but the weak and pointless plot surely did n't cause me to think much .
0 i feel ashamed of myself just having seen all of it !
0 like `` saturday night fever '' , this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them .
0 it really is truly appalling and has no redeeming features whatsoever .
1 this is hands down the funniest , most witty , sometimes scary and dramatic 15 hours of tv show you 'll ever experience .
1 much of what it has to say about familial relationships and values in the 21st century is insightful , original , pointed and profound .
0 there was no suspense and they do n't explain about the new dinosaurs !
1 on another occasion norma says `` nobody leaves a star , that 's what makes one a star . ''
1 start with disc 1 of season 1 , and enjoy .
0 the acting is actually good , at least the children are great , but the directing and the script is awful .
0 avoid at all cost ! ! !
0 mediocre is the most fitting compliment that i can honestly apply to what was the equivalent of a really long saturday morning cartoon .
0 5 ) you 're on an island , full of killer dogs , driving a car you know they can easily jump on and in .
1 this sensitive , visually beautiful film is based on a story by vladimir nabokov and captures well that writer 's dark irony .
0 the jokes were n't even funny .
0 films like apocalypse now still looks absolutely fantastic even today but every time i give born on the fourth of july another try it gets worse .
0 as a film overall , the plot is somewhat difficult to follow , thanks in large part to the horrendous editing .
0 lame script writing , unrealistic situations , dreadful overacting , and aimless direction lead this movie on a meandering voyage to nowhere .
1 i wish i could get a copy of this on dvd or somewhere , any ideas ?
1 the `` formula '' had not yet been set when this episode was filmed , so there are still some surprises in columbo 's methods .
0 i 've seen hamlet 2000 : i think the scenario is an interesting idea - but such lousy actors - all of them 3 .
0 i have nothing but pity for the poor actors in this `` garbage '' because they were just trying to earn a pay check .
1 the film is n't advocating christian murder , it is merely taking the viewer on a very unexpected ride .
1 fearless young boxer , aka method man , aka the avenging boxer i enjoyed this film more than the other reviewers .
1 but there 's a great song and dance number when groucho first enters the store .
0 nothing will be funny for at least two days after the viewing of this movie , you 'll be that mad at yourself for watching the whole thing .
1 overall good episode a strange one though about a supernatural phone still it 's suspenseful and it twists well at the end .
1 i chose to watch this film at tribeca based on judd hirsch and scott cohen and found it to be one of the best movies in the festival .
1 but if you just take the american version on it 's own merits , it 's hard to find another show comparable in quality and sheer grittiness .
1 although the fighting sequences are a bit funny to watch , nonetheless , it 's classic kung-fu action wonderfully planned & executed .
1 however this normally should n't matter as the comedy should carry a film like this .
1 in sticking to an old fashioned premise the films employs a various amount of techniques and methods commonly attributed to films of this genre .
1 also , it stars one of my top ten favourite stars , kiefer sutherland , and a truckload of exceeding supporting actors .
1 this documentary could be seen as the first definitive look into the broad world of metal and it certainly does travel throughout the whole spectrum of metal .
0 the rest of the movie is as slow and stupid as the first part .
1 the choreography was superb and also the fact that lucille ball is in it makes it even more awesome .
1 the razor 's edge has all of zanuck 's cultural taste that money could buy .
0 that 's about all this movie offers , no real plot , no gore .
1 a really good film & it 's as simple & straight forward as that .
0 not to mention the dragon itself , which is inevitably the worst computer generated image ever to be put on the film real .
1 it may not have as much excitement as certain other disney animated features , but it does have some .
1 the story shares enough with the dickens classic to make this fact obvious .
0 but for anyone over the age of six , stay away from this garbage !
1 it 's one of my favorite movies as much because of the location and music as the story line .
1 but , the 2001 live action version is the new hallmark of the lord of the rings !
0 this is the worst movie of all-time , no doubt , and schindler 's list , did in fact have more laughs .
0 sure there was a scene or two with nudity , but that could n't save this movie from it 's lifeless characters .
0 the acting was so bad , the actors were n't `` in '' the story , do you know what i mean ? ? .
1 a classic now and truly a must see for any horror fan .
0 verhoeven has a nice visual flair but resorts to scenes of wild hallucinations , overt symbolism , and gratuitous gore when he runs out of ideas .
1 the last part drags on a little bit , but it has a very good ending .
1 this is a good movie that does n't deserved to be trashed .
0 this kind of crud has to be stopped .
1 there are several other elements which make 'an itch in time ' pure clampett .
1 by this time , not only margaret , but the audience , as well , is hooked .
0 but the quality of this movie was even lower than i could ever expect .
1 annoying at first , but ultimately lovable .
1 much better than the earlier julius caesar , which starred marlon brando as mark antony and james mason as brutus .
1 i highly recommend this film and i 'm glad that asylum are finally bringing out good horror movies these days i recommend !
0 i had to struggle to get through this one .
1 first , i 'll give my rating for the series overall ; ******* 7 out of ten stars .
0 but with its rather dull script and pedestrian direction from gary sherman , even they ca n't save this movie from being a less than average production .
1 hilarious , beautifully animated , and poignant ...
1 i have never seen a film about relationships in different families where it was so easy for the actors to play that specific role but still so beautiful .
1 stranger than fiction is a surprisingly complex , touching and thought-provoking movie until the very end .
1 a bank robbery , a unique cast , great music and storytelling !
1 i instantly fell in love with it , and watched it faithfully until it was taken off the air .
0 now who do i have to talk to get 2 hours of my life back ? ?
1 it was n't all that difficult and it gave a distinctly different flavour as the other step movies i have seen were so american .
0 please please please do not produce films like this unless you have a ) a sensible budget b ) a credible cast and c ) a decent concept .
0 if you took a handful of nails and scratched them repeatedly up and down a chalkboard you could have more fun than if you watched this foreign trash .
0 avoid this piece of crap at all costs .
1 i also like the the way bernie talk to the viewers during the show .
1 that said if you enjoy roman history or if you enjoy political intrigue , scandal , murder , plots and treason then this really is a must see .
0 strip gigs at clothing optional `` hotels '' .
1 although the stars of this movie are known for a lot of comedy , this is a very serious and heartwarming film .
0 there are some funny scenes with the priest who must summon satan and his unlikely side-kick , a heavy metal stoner .
0 i have always been a fan of john carpenters brand of cheap but original horror films but this one was the exception to the rule .
0 james wong howe 's photography is the only redeeming factor in this oater .
1 `` washington '' is one of weaker entries in the series , but still enjoyable on its own merits as a b picture .
1 kevin bacon is pretty good as her husband , but mcgovern steals the movie with her quiet true moments of honesty .
0 3 ) the acting was horrible with the exception of ben cross which was the only real actor in this debacle .
1 it would have been a different movie without the production code of 1934 and not as good .
1 what made their performance so good was that is seemed so real .
0 what follows is a very long depiction of the most uninteresting lives in the entire continent of south america .
1 i watched it from the time it first aired in the late 90 's to the very last episode .
0 there is n't much else to say about wasted .
0 now , as with other movies , they have totally ruined the carrie franchise with the rage : carrie 2 .
1 there is no single bad moment in all the film .
1 one of the most definitive gangster films of the 80 's , scarface is very much a film of its time .
0 i give this a 4 .
0 his repartee with everyone falls between side-splitting and ghastly dull .
1 my only complaint is that a theme from ennio morricone 's score kept running through my head before i could remember this is the movie where i heard it .
1 the plain fact is her performance here is better than many who have won oscars , and she was n't even nominated .
0 it is given with complete disregard for human life and is extremely offensive .
1 it is fun satire on morals and religion that reminded me a bit of the even more wonderful sirens .
1 this is one of the most emotional , sensitive , and heart-felt movies that i have ever seen !
0 the lead character who is a bride top be from hell has an huge ice sculpture fall on her killing her .
0 there 's no accounting for taste , but i found nothing in this movie to recommend to other imdb members .
1 it may have traded in being left at home for the city of new york , but its still the same exact story as last time .
1 also a haunting look at a disturbed family ... but it 's treated sort of lightly ... not dark and heavy .
0 by far the worst editing since `` manos hands of fate '' .
0 the beginning of the film hints at conflict with his traditional father , but once the gangsters get involved this part of the story is dropped unceremoniously .
1 it is at same time a show business chronicle of that age , full of affection and french mood .
1 the bad news bears while being rough around the edges is a unpolished gem .
0 this movie was unbelievably boring !
0 i refuse to write anymore for this piece of garbage .
0 there 's a child protagonist , dreary conditions , and a not quite poignant plot .
0 this film has nothing to do with any possible historical king arthur .
1 he was subject to severe mood swings , possibly even manic depression but remained an honourable man .
0 do what you will , but avoid this movie .
0 i have no idea what the producers of the shield were trying to do , but the result speaks for itself : the shield is practically unwatchable .
0 nathan lane is , nathan lane , a short loud mouthed jackie gleason sounding caricature of sid caesar during sid 's show of shows era .
1 it is a very dark realistic film which takes place during the great depression .
0 the acting also detracted from developing a potentially great theme .
0 if you have read some of my other reviews on other movies , there all positive , but this one is not simply because the story was terrible .
1 it does n't disappoint me and it does n't fail when it comes to the main ingredients of these animated shorts .
1 this one came out a day before that other one with tom cruise .
0 do n't waste your time or money on this clueless , charmless and pointless waste of celluloid .
0 he was awesome in scream , but now this film !
0 acting : $ $ .
1 a brilliant debut performance by derek luke and an always stunning performance by denzel washington .
1 we are also introduced to anna , his future wife and mother of ingmar bergman .
1 this film is an entertaining , fun and quality film .
0 well that was time better spent than watching this tripe .
1 they hit it off well and it 's only with her help that he manages to hold on as long as he does .
1 though not hal hartley 's best work , there is still much to like about this movie , especially for fans of hartley 's dialogues .
0 all the beautiful artistry that went into his `` look '' in the earlier films has been replaced by an obviously cheaper , less detailed set of prosthetics .
1 although there is a lot of passion involved there are no big emotional outbursts which i find refreshing for a change .
0 the funniest part of the entire `` opera '' is the fact that it was n't written to be funny .
0 they keep replaying the same `` shots '' of an stealth airplane flying away .
1 the first twist hits early on , and from there it 's a nice neo-noir adventure in some sleepy little town .
1 each character gets up and tells a memorable moment in jack 's life .
0 the musical score , wait .
1 this is a 7.5 in my book .
0 all could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it , but they all fall way short .
1 and i highly recommend it to anyone .
1 this film held my interest enough to watch it several times .
1 this film wants the viewer to think about it afterwards .
0 i saw this last night at afi dallas , and i left with 20 minutes remaining , simply because i did n't care anymore .
0 sounds like an interesting concept , but it does n't work ... at least not in the case of mifune .
1 taking you places you do n't expect , the plot is interesting throughout .
0 i 'll keep my memories of the royal national theatre production and try to forget this plodding mess .
0 a second positive would be the character of michael 's doctor , who provides clues to the probability of where the story may lead .
1 i first saw it as a kid and loved the drama and the great climactic battle .
0 but in doing this we witness some of the most annoying , worst , mind numbing acting , dialogue and sounds in cinema history .
0 every plot turn is predictable , every lame joke telegraphed .
0 in this so called documentary is very little truth , and my advice to everyone is : inform yourself before watching this movie .
0 not only the acting went downhill , the writing went first and it was visible .
1 it is exceptionally rare for me to find a program that is laugh out loud funny - but this is it ! ! !
0 the only good point : i thought sarah michelle gellar did a good job with her part .
1 my vote is seven .
0 so both the brilliance of jane austen and the very factor that allows her plots - particularly in this film - to function was completely erased .
0 a more abrasive set of overworked stereotypes can scarcely be imagined .
1 this is not quite as easy to get hold of as most other fulci flicks , but i assure that searching it will pay off .
1 as it is , it 's a most enjoyable picture , i was n't bored by it , and i recommend it .
0 when doris sings the old standards , it 's great but mgm tacked on two numbers that sounded ok but they threw the ambiance off .
1 the glass house is a great thriller for everyone .
1 although a small cameo , it 's still awesome to have her around again .
1 armed with a massive budget , fincher uses everything a director can use to craft the most charming and technically brilliant film of the year .
1 anyways , this series of anime is my favorite story of any book i 've read , game i 've played , movie or show i 've watched .
0 it just seem that they had a cool outline for a movie and decided to put them in without any consideration to a story .
1 dennis quaid and rachel griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives .
0 ms. lange is at her worst as martha , the evil mother behind all the scheming in the film .
1 few games has made me feel so involved .
1 cunningham is an amazing villain and character in this story .
0 i did n't identify with any of the characters , which meant that i did n't care what happened to them and lost interest in the story completely .
1 i recommend everyone to get this one last dance .
0 martin scorsese directs this highly acclaimed bore fest .
1 the truth of the matter is that anne has a very unique personality and one that is captivating for others to watch .
1 one of those beautifully intense movies that draws us so intimately far in , it ends much to soon !
0 and writing yet another angry letter to winchester about the stock on his winchester 95 .
0 well , this one is choppy , and by the end of the film one can not believe they sat through this .
0 i 'll never have a pet rat again , that 's for sure .
0 if that sounds like a tv movie it is probably because it should be only i think even the lifetime movies of the week are above this .
1 the film also needs to be seen by more people of today , as it is virtually impossible to buy on video or dvd .
1 these two men went thru hell and beyond and have produced the movie that conveys the terror that many did not survive .
0 did anyone pay attention to the footage of all the dead birds ... a bit of overkill .
0 the best moments are given to a character actor and his dog in the apartment building that lead actor peter coyote lives in .
0 i think that i could use my ass cheeks as a face and be a more effective actor than this guy .
1 there are only about 10 homosexuals left from this tragedy , and they interviewed eight for this special film .
1 sandra dee does a great job of playing a teenager .
0 - a lead scientist whose slavic accent you can cut with a knife , and he 's supposedly born in chicago , educated in usa ?
1 a must see for anyone who not only wants a good laugh but wants to see the mastery of lloyd at his best in his shorts .
0 the dual role by carol kane was annoying .
1 since that first time , i have watched this movie at least ten times and it is still as great as the fist time .
0 this show has so much negativity in it that nobody should watch it !
0 i am a pretty versatile movie watcher , and i am willing to give any movie the benefit of the doubt ... but this movie was ridiculous !
1 it just shows you what you need to see , avoiding most of the gruesome events and instead showing you the result .
1 belushi and lovitz are so likable and identifiable with the common man that you ca n't help but get involved once you start watching .
0 but it 's still hard over look many of the mistakes here , so i ca n't give it a rating higher than a 2 .
1 but all in all it is a great romp .
0 wes bentley is a good actor but he is so dry and plain in this that it 's sad .
1 exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes .
1 once more , it 's also well-written on the screen and do n't get wasted .
0 he looks like some cheesy 80s pop star and exudes nothing but blandness ; where is the menace in this guy ?
0 will not make sense to those who refuse to believe in greenhouse effects , ocean warming , and pollution .
1 the only negative to all this is the fact no studio has picked this film up for distribution .
0 straw dogs is not believable .
1 i was one of those `` few americans '' that grew up with all of gerry andersen 's marvelous creations .
1 but the item is never serious , always bashing cliches and playing with expectations .
1 and even though he died four years before i was born i have been told how proud he was of his service .
0 after a while , it 's apparent that they are the only two people left on earth -- as you learn in the really stupid and totally unconvincing conclusion .
0 probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for `` real art '' , but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap .
1 if you are married the film will remind you of what you went through .
0 the writers are really struggling to keep everything going , which makes the dialogues feel really forced .
1 i found it rather entertaining , maybe it did not fully live up to the reviews but most of the history works .
1 easily burt reynolds best role , and he does a great job .
1 elvis remains one of the top ten made-for-tv movies of all time .
1 his lines were executed with dynamite precision and snappy wit last seen in a very young jimmy walker .
0 the movie has lots of characters in it , which you never really get to care about and you are just waiting for them to die .
0 i do n't know whether to blame the director for poor direction , or for just letting the cast put in such a hapless effort .
1 this is lance henriksen 's best performance to date , and he 's done some amazing work .
1 i was going to only see about the first 30 minutes of it but this movie was so good that i watched it all the way through .
0 a series of one liners trying to be funny , but they 're just lame as hell .
0 whatever you feel like watching , just ignore this film .
1 while not an easy film to watch , in my opinion a true beatles fan will take from it the best sense of why this marriage had to end .
0 my god it is actually embarrassing to even watch it .
0 but even by those lowered standards , this film is a big bore-fest .
0 curtis hanson is a good director , but you would n't know it from watching this dud .
0 in essence , gung ho nonsense that could only ever appeal to white american males running about the new jersey countryside playing at toy soldiers .
1 i saw this movie at a screening a few months ago and i really liked it .
1 one of cary grant 's best comedies from the forties .
1 in doubt i give it maximum vote i can , it is one of the rare work that catch me totally e in my deepest sensations and emotions .
1 that it did not win the oscar , i will not shed a tear .
0 if can make a suggestion do n't spend your money on this one .
1 he was so masterful in this tough a part that i believe no one could have done it better or with more of an impact than him .
1 the locations are picturesque and boorman is able to capture the cultural authenticity of the native tribes of the amazon .
1 maybe my taste in movies is horribly skewed , but i enjoy what i enjoy .
1 a real surprise was steven carrell as carrey 's nemesis , who walked away with some the best and funniest scenes of the film .
1 `` finally '' , i said to myself , `` a network television program truly worth watching ! ! ! `` .
1 but 'lost ' manages all of this .
1 kung fu hustle combines humor , creativity , imagination epic fight scenes and wonderful cinematography .
0 it was just painful to sit through the entire movie .
0 without an extraordinary director and extraordinary writing , the mediocrity of astin 's performance is an unbearable distraction .
0 not only is it hard to believe stuff would sink that fast in tar , but more importantly who builds a university on tar pits .
0 the plot was very thin .
0 the effect does n't make the movie any better , simply because its action scenes are just , well , terrible .
0 also , as somebody else mentioned , the bug close-ups are actually pretty good , so locust kinda loses a few points in the cheesy effects category .
1 on a scale of 1-10 , i give it a seven or 8 .
0 the ghosts maybe scare kids , but to me a grown man whose seen a lot of crap , this movie made no impact .
0 the idea of creating a world that looks exactly like the old west is interesting but it could have been done so much better !
1 10 out of 10 .
0 if you ca n't find the mst3k version , avoid this at all costs .
1 benton managed it , and of course with hoffman there seemed to be good electricity : the result is certainly engaging , endearing , and convincing .
1 this is a must-see documentary movie for anyone who fears that modern youth has lost its taste for real-life adventure and its sense of morality .
1 the brilliant technicolor , the sumptuous music score , and those beautiful faces , all telling a bittersweet story .
0 there is nothing scary or tension building about anything in this movie .
1 this is a brave and robust monster -- and it travels well too .
1 but this is one of the best animated movies i have ever seen .
1 and , for a western , the final scene is unique : you 'll never see another western with an end like it .
0 first of all , cloris leachman must have been desperate and in need of money to appear in this debacle .
1 thanks to david chase for bringing this into my life .
1 i must add that the quality of the universal dvd is superb !
0 i think i may have cracked a smile twice in this whole film ... and only one genuine laugh ... in the entire comedy film .
0 i do n't believe him as a doctor , and i just do n't see the appeal .
1 i still had my doubts about seeing it , specially since in a different channel there was a movie about a gambler in vegas .
1 those considerations aside , baseball is a wonderful sport it has a grace and honor all of its own .
1 one of the better movies about the partition that i have seen .
1 having worked professionally with young girls on the run , i found this film surprisingly authentic .
1 clint eastwood is , as always , brilliant in the role of harry callahan .
0 however , that was the only redeeming quality for me .
0 really , the usual thin plot premise has worked in other movies that judd apatow has had anything to do with remotely but seriously .
0 i do n't recommend it unless you are an amazingly patient person or you are really into overrated german films .
0 while the three leads give decent attempts of depicting characters you care about , their attempts do not pay off .
1 full of vengeance , louie does return home , but not to restore order .
1 it is one of the most haunting , beautiful , and chilling movies i have ever seen .
1 nevertheless , splash is a bouncy and very appealing comedy .
1 while you may not end up where you expected to , you are ultimately glad you went along for the ride .
0 i would of given this a 0/10 , but because of the girls a 2/10 .
0 however , everything else just fell flat ... face first on to the concrete .
0 you may feel yourself becoming sick upon watching , so spare yourself .
1 daniel day lewis in my left foot gives us one of the best performances ever by an actor .
1 in the moments where he has to get tough with the bad girl , ruth donnelly , some of the established cagney gangster character comes out .
0 i would n't mind if it was well done but it just feels tacked on for no good reason .
0 the characters in this are very hard to understand and i good very very very bored .
0 stupid movies , yeah , maybe , but something like this should take way longer .
1 i recommend the movie , but if you are very young you will not understand it , even kids of divorced parents do not get it .
0 imagine the worst episode of `` red shoe diaries , '' i mean the absolute worst , with black actors .
1 it may be clear that i liked this one very much and i can really recommend it !
0 only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film .
1 now that i think of it , there are many elements of this movie similar to the storyline of the roddy piper film , they live .
0 dunaway alone is responsible for her ludicrous scenery-chewing performance , the awfulness of which is the main thing that pulls this film out of oblivion into camp notoriety .
1 an intelligent and well crafted film .
1 putting aside the shameless use of the formula from mankiewicz ' masterwork , `` three secrets '' is an enjoyable , well-written drama .
0 on the other hand , it 's chock full of cringe worthy dialogue -- delivered in the most hilariously stilted manner possible .
1 let 's hope it stays that way because gems deserve to be found and then hidden again .
1 in many cases , the reality is enigmatic , and john cassavetes is a genius to capture and exhibit that obscure sense of reality on celluloid .
0 i saw this movie on a show that was showing bad b-movies and trying to get you to buy them .
1 suffice it to say that alex cord plays a strong lead opposite robert ryan and arthur kennedy .
1 if you have n't seen this film then , go rent it , buy it , you just have to see `` gremlins '' .
0 on the other hand , both zero mostel and everett sloane probably reach a career nadir here .
1 yes , there are flaws in this movie , but get over it , it 's not citizen kane , it 's a feel good musical !
1 the closer it hues to it , the funnier it is .
0 avoid this movie .
1 10 out of 10 .
0 do not see this flick
1 i recommend it fully , this movie is unpredictable and weird , a real charmer if you kick back and let it unfold .
1 the elephant man is a classic , a striking and devastating film depicting the account of john merrick 's search for a dignified and normal life .
1 add to that douglas fairbanks in good shape and you have a classic unforgettable genre movie !
0 1 point for the presence of burton and mastroianni + 1 point for the real tragic event of the massacre of the innocent italians : 2/10 .
1 with so much subtext just simmering underneath the events told in the age of innocence , any other approach would have reduced the impact that its denouement reveals .
1 great story and with enough twists to keep me guessing .
0 it was one atrocious scene after another .
1 a difficult choice has to be made : continue the old situation or start all over by following the heart .
1 this film will make you think about what life is really about .
0 what an insult to the sa film industry !
0 we could n't come up with any redeeming features except for one .
1 i have always thought of skeet ulrich as a good actor , but here he is excellent as well .
1 this film contains some of the best noir cinematography i have seen in years .
0 many things become clear when watching this film : 1 ) the acting is terrible .
0 one of the worst movies i 've ever rented .
1 restaurant takes on a lot , and succeeds .
0 it all makes you wonder how the crew burned through $ 5 million ; they certainly did n't pay the writing and editing crew anything .
1 a well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten
1 not great , but anywhere but here is definitely worth a look .
0 but , really , that 's all that is funny , the concept of the film .
1 it was the experience and perspective of groberg as he recorded it .
0 i ca n't imagine that anyone else could possibly find it funny or even slightly entertaining .
0 before they even make it to the camping spot their vehicle hits an animal and they run into two creepy redneck types .
0 it 's unbelievable that the same director who brought us `` night of the demons '' could churn out such an amateur hour crap-fest .
0 this is just another example of the continuing downward spiral of eddie murphy 's once exciting career .
0 clutch cargo episodes were constructed better than this !
1 one of jason priestly 's early films and he 's great as in everything he does .
0 i love bad movies , and the moment the babe bad-ass pilot arrived , with a nickname like `` charlie '' , i smelled a pearl .
0 i really wanted to like this movie , but the pacing was just way too slow .
0 hulk hogan teamed up with brutus beefcake to battle money inc. you could clearly see hogan had a black eye .
0 watch the original dutch movie , which is one of the best thrillers in the world .
1 it 's also the movie that 's made me laugh the most , for hours on end .
0 what a complete waste of time .
0 the scenes with zooey were the only funny moments in the film .
1 and after reading comments from all the other posters here , and thinking about it some more , i decided that i liked it tremendously .
1 from biting people on the body to deadly traps , this movie has it all .
1 but all in all a excellent movie .
1 the real best picture of 1947 also deals with anti-semitism and is superior to elia kazan 's gentlemen 's agreement in practically every department .
0 merry anders overacts here terribly as laura , as she did n't convince me at all .
1 overall , if you like gangster movies you will like this .
0 for my taste , he pretty much sucks the juice out of any scene he 's in .
1 it forces him to evaluate himself , and adds some funny stuff in with the flashbacks too .
0 he was the only redeeming feature in the whole movie .
0 i could n't laugh at this .
1 she was one of the greatest comedians who ever lived , right up there with chaplin and keaton .
0 you are not darby crash , nor will you ever be darby crash , so stop pretending to be darby crash .
0 he does an ok job of acting , but the tired worn out script was so bad , nobody could have saved it .
0 i loved the head bad guy 's over acting , every evil twitch scowl and grimace he could throw into his part he threw in .
0 do n't waste a couple of hours of your life that you 'll never get back .
1 but i can truly say that fire is also one of the really beautiful and brilliant films i 've seen .
1 my final rating for radio is a 9/10 .
1 it left such an impression on me i 've been searching for it lately .
0 if i had worked on this movie , i would be embarrassed and would n't want to be associated with it either .
1 anyone who likes this movie is crazy , i do n't know how anyone can like this movie .
1 i am going to see it again with my friends as soon as it comes out , it is really good ! ! ! ! ! !
0 it never let 's up -- just a continuous downward spiral of awfulness .
0 the sound is terrible , going from too low to hear the conversations , to blaring sound in seconds .
0 worst of all is the overlong ` zion rave ' scene .
1 this was my very first glimpse of jackie chan on the big screen , too , as it was for many americans .
1 sure , sandler 's current and recent movies are not known for making a lot of sense but the comedy works .
0 sure , he 's the `` spanish ninja '' , but his costume is ridiculous .
1 many of the fans claim this is superior television , because `` it is n't scifi , it 's drama '' .
0 the so called surprise ending is awful , as is the rest of this film .
0 the plot centers on a cop who is in-between the good and the bad , and he 's stuck in this ugly film .
0 it appears that mr. grodin was writing about what would be his own role in this ill conceived movie .
1 the way burton introduces the penguin 's heartbreaking backstory grabs you from the very beginning .
0 this show has so much negativity in it that nobody should watch it !
1 it is in the essential change of nature where his work , though complete in its own sphere , is made whole .
0 it 's a total `` wrestler '' ending with none of the good acting .
0 i wanted my money back from the video store ...
0 but trust me , he may return with a good movie like belly of the beast or into the sun , but this is n't it .
1 a strong aussie cast lend compelling support .
0 she immediately is stalked by a local who appears quite unhinged , and who seems to be attempting a third rate mickey rourke imitation .
1 it was never any dull and always moving , every hour there 's another character bothering him .
0 i am only 15 and i think everyone no matter what race or religion should see this to see how awful things must have been .
0 the choreography was dreadful during the dancing scenes .
1 it has been 4 years since this movie was released and hopefully harlow has gone through more training .
1 his journey carries the movie as he moves closer to his confrontation with darth vader and his fate .
0 her horrid singing was only eclipsed by her equally atrocious acting , all her dialogue delivered in a flat , monotone manner .
1 my best guess is this piece of work will come out on dvd sometime before christmas .
1 if you get the chance check it out - it has twists and turns that will keep you guessing and some great dialogue between the characters .
1 it was a movie you could watch without any uncomfortable spots that you would have to explain to the younger ones .
1 powerful and poetic this was a revisionist western way ahead of its peers and only to be matched by clint eastwood 's high plains drifter and beguiled .
1 real life , real tragedy , real sad , real pride and dignity , one of the real best of the soviet era .
0 i do n't particularly care for tim meadows , or this character from snl , but i expected better than this .
0 most infuriating of all , it projects a britain that is entirely white and middle class .
0 every scene , set and shot looks like it has been lit in exactly the same way , which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece .
1 like , oh god ! , i find the movie uplifting with each viewing , as i find crocodile dundee 's offbeat humor refreshing each time .
0 the story made very little sense .
1 a 1953 republic gem and a great noir find .
1 there 's more to offer in the opening of the odd couple than in the entirety of most films .
1 it certainly is n't 'natural born killers ' and is all the better for it .
0 the blonde gal with the freaky hair at the end was excruciating .
1 despite the fact that the material was directly taken from television , no-one felt cheated or left the theatre in a mood other than happy .
1 it 's a slightly long , but thrilling and exciting clancy adaptation .
1 an enchanting film , highly recommended .
0 lots of t & a on display , no character development , bad acting , and overly elaborate bloodshed .
0 second , they ca n't find their luggage .
0 the acting is horrible , a plot is nonexistent , and production values are poverty level at best .
1 the movie has lot of the edge of the seat thriller moments and will keep the viewer engaged till the end .
1 thank you for making a movie that demonstrates families and friends as close knit caring people who love each other through difficult times .
0 the only similarity to the actual book is a few names .
0 the editing is poor , especially in the grand battle climax .
1 the edits made before the film went into general release have not been restored , but the documentary details what they were .
0 well , do n't waste your time on german comedy movies !
0 just do n't expect too much in this blur of a film .
0 as a result fun with dick and jane is not an appropriate title and i was just plain disappointed failing to see any fun with dick and jane .
0 this is perhaps the worst movie i have ever tried watching .
0 however , this is ultimately not worth watching a nearly three hour film .
0 but in this telling the screen writing and/or directing and/or editing is so poor as to take most of the joy out of the story .
1 this is a film about life , the triumph over adversity and the wonders of the human spirit .
0 i often wonder if ty had a sense about this film and what a dud it proved .
1 if you have not seen this tape -- you have not seen stand-up comedy at its finest .
0 it has a few mildly gruesome effects and startling moments , and some unintentionally funny scenes , but is mostly a waste of time .
1 stanley kubrick was a genius of a film maker and this is one of his very best works .
1 this is a cut above other movies of the genre : genuinely suspenseful , intelligent , brilliantly acted and visually stunning .
1 a truly heart wrenching experience , and a masterpiece i shall never forget , this one haunts dreams folks .
1 this film is a tragic mystery more than a horror -- painful more than horrible ; beautiful more than sensational .
0 this movie is so bad i do n't even know where to start .
1 and it 's great to see dracula , frankenstein , and the wolf man together , one `` last '' time .
1 we saw a similar occurrence a year prior when spider-man cartoons appeared on dvd to coincide with that hero 's big screen debut .
0 what is even more sad is the staple of actors the film has at its disposal , who are all criminally underused .
0 it let me chuckle several times , but never laugh .
0 peter boyle was capable of better stuff .
1 jeanne also addresses his masculine pride perhaps in a feminist take on things .
0 the suspense is laughable .
0 as a result , it is uninteresting and dull beyond belief .
0 the acting is quite hopeless , which is perfectly understandable with such a bad plot .
1 but it is nice craftsmanship , good acting , and an enjoyable experience .
0 and jane lynch , who 's the worst of the worst .
1 they both show you the disabilities and the joy of ordinary people .
0 ok - the plot is invented , and it involves a caper to run after german loot as a side operation to operation `` market garden '' .
1 otto preminger 's direction is great as well .
1 mutant aka forbidden world is one of the cheesiest and most amazing movies that i have seen .
1 liked stanley & iris very much .
0 dodgy camera work , a script with more corn than kellogg 's , and acting so hammy you could open a pig farm with it .
1 never before has a movie influenced my life in such a way .
1 although some scenes are a bit too long , the movie is very rarely boring .
1 with so many horrible spoof movies , this is sadly a breath of fresh air to the genre .
1 the film is a display of crumb 's art work as well as him home town and family .
1 all in all , `` twelve monkeys '' is a great science-fiction experience and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone , especially for the sci-fi fans .
1 pita changes the behavior of the cold creasy , making him live and smile again , and he feels a great affection for her .
0 i just thought the world needed to be warned before either hiring or worse yet ... buying this trash .
1 it 's the ultimate halloween movie for the whole family .
1 buster crabbe was the hero we always wanted to be in our childhood , and jean rogers the beautiful girl we always dreamt to be in love with .
0 why , then , do i give this film a 4 out of 10 instead of a 1 or 2 ?
1 miike 's style really shines through and his ability to be shocking , yet appropriate , is very clear .
1 this character is really unforgettable , too .
0 the dialogue is downright horrible .
0 this is the most boring worthless piece of crap i 've ever wasted an hour of my life on .
0 do n't waste your time like i did watching this .
1 ellen barkin in this film is playing the sexy kind of role that she played all during the 1980s .
0 it 's bad horror , it 's poor porno , it 's laughably bad .
1 this film has the most poetic scene ever dreamed of about people with down 's syndrome .
0 every single part of the film was awful .
0 i used to call this one of the worst movies i have ever seen , but now i hesitate .
0 the two blondes in the show are attractive , but both so stupid as make a viewer wish for their death .
0 i brought the ps2 version of this game and sold it back the next day , it was so unbelievably bad .
0 the movie opens with two rats locked in mortal combat , an alarm sounding , and then some nameless individual screaming with green makeup on his face .
0 we are left out of any sort of coherent flow and so the thing falls dead in its tracks .
0 this is complete and utter poo !
0 i have enjoyed many movies , but when i watch a movie such as this , i get angry .
0 thus , i do n't watch it much .
0 this film is a perfect example that a movie can not be successful with a high budget alone .
0 the only real question to answer about scarecrow is whether it 's any fun to watch on a dumb teen slasher type level ?
0 all `` the funeral '' will do is put your to sleep .
0 the action is horrible .
1 i liked this film a little better than some others on the board , though it does not have the suspense or urgency of a hitchcock film .
0 in principle , the acting , the sets and the music were excellent , and are the main reason why i 'm rating this a 4 .
1 but as much i like this film more than jackson 's , the latter are , if only technically , still better .
0 lee 's clever , talented and certainly socially conscious , but just seems to be tossing in every idea he had into `` she hate me . ''
1 it makes sure that you as a viewer also just ca n't take it serious at all and therefor lets you sit back and just enjoy the ride !
0 not really recommended unless like me , your ' e passionate about dreck .
1 edgar is simply hilarious as the insulted butler who is out to settle the score and of course he himself takes some serious beatings .
0 to go from playing gandhi to this is just so , so , so sad .
0 there was no real direction , there were no unusual turns , in fact the whole movie was very predictable from start to finish .
0 frank stallone actually is n't bad , which should give you an idea of how truly pathetic this picture is .
1 `` taxidermia '' is a film i feel will become a cult classic in the years to come .
1 here , the film comes full circle and shows how images can be a point of communication and transformation .
0 the story idea is interesting but poorly executed .
1 in the end the man helped paulie reunite with marie .
0 the stilted phrasing and wall to wall sexual innuendos made this one of the worst scripts i have encountered and brought to the screen .
1 its possibly the best giallo ever made , only seriously rivaled by dario argento 's entries into the genre .
1 its not a perfect film , but is one of the most memorable horror films of the 30s .
1 their conversations really capture the essence of each character .
0 the dialog was horrible , the acting was pretty damned bad , and the general premise was fairly weak .
0 three black men steal money from the mafia , with predictable results that follow in short order .
0 not even worth a watch because of kirsten dunst .
0 the cast tries , but ca n't breathe life into this turkey .
1 the music perfectly complements the footage , but never draws attention towards itself .
0 i get the impression that he is supposed to be the old-fashioned straight lead whose looks offset all the ugly character actors .
0 even then , i wanted to believe that i was watching a human tragedy , rather than a story of divine retribution .
1 it is much more exciting than just that in that it examines thoroughly the pros and the cons of leftist involvement , mainly its negative repercussions on family life .
0 there are no interesting special effects to redeem this disaster , but lots of fires , explosions , a gratuitous sex scene , etc .
0 but the things it has that other corman films do not have - 1 .
0 also , this `` revolt of the zombies '' has little to do with its supposed predecessor `` white zombie '' ***** , which starred bela lugosi .
1 my dog recently passed away , and this was a movie i loved as a kid , so i had to see it to try to cheer up .
1 this is one of the best things on tv today , if you ever get half a chance to watch it then do ! ! ! !
0 the danish movie `` slim slam slum '' surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date .
0 the sets , costumes and production values are fine but nothing makes up for the preposterous premise .
1 `` grave of the fireflies '' is , quite possibly , the best animated feature of our time .
0 do not see this movie unless you have a garbage can near you to throw up in .
0 the dark and ominous music was the highlight of this exercise in predictability .
0 for those of you who were unfortunate enough to have manage you way into the fourth grade , look not to this film for intellectual stimulation .
0 otherwise , stay away .
1 this european co production recounts the lives of three people who tragically collide in an explosive threesome of oppression , forbidden passion , betrayal and revenge .
0 oh this was a really bad movie .
0 muriel the angel plays a major part , and he is the corniest , cheesiest character in the film .
0 yes , it has some moments , but they are not enough to justify your time .
0 same scenes , same plot , boring ... come one guys , ca n't you made something original ?
0 the make-up looks horrible and the zombies look even worse when shot .
1 this movie , with all its complexity and subtlety , makes for one of the most thought-provoking short films i have ever seen .
0 awful , awful , awful times a hundred still does n't begin to describe how crappy `` biggest loser '' is .
0 and boom , your right back into realizing this film just does n't live up to its premise .
1 this is an edgy and stylish thriller bound to please nay type of film fan .
0 everybody seems to have slept with just about everyone , even during office hours , which is ridiculously unrealistic .
1 pleasure party is not one of chabrol 's best films ; but it 's an undoubtedly interesting movie from one of france 's premier film directors .
0 i am desperately trying to find something nice about this , i ca n't except walken did a fine job with a wooden character .
1 if you love flamenco , you 'll love this version .
1 everything together made for a very good film .
0 1/10 by the way , it 's shot on video .
1 as with the christmas special , linus recites a wonderful story of thanksgiving 's beginnings with great heart and sincerity .
1 it was one of the funniest scenes i 've seen in the past year .
0 i love michael keaton , and i can not actually comprehend that he did this .
0 i really tried to like this movie .
0 do n't waste your time .
1 yet , critics , fans of chaplin , and even chaplin himself , long overlooked this great film .
1 so i would encourage anyone who wishes to get `` j.t . ''
0 first of all , whoopi does not make good action movies , but the film makers do n't care - she 's a tough cop here , yet again .
0 the love triangle is simply not that believable .
0 the movie is silly , stupid , and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used , sometimes not .
1 so if you do n't own it , rent it , watch it , enjoy it and if you love it , own it .
0 casting was horrible .
0 it tries to present another catalog of urban tribes , but it fails on that too .
0 i have seen worse movies , and i did n't fall asleep watching it .
1 while his other features have been more minimalistic and set between a certain group of characters , darjeeling takes on a much larger world .
1 still , the michael curtiz mark of quality is definitely here .
0 duchovny 's performance is flat .
0 other than that , this canadian production about a man taking out a vicious band of hillbillies is not worth anybody 's time .
0 foster is initially amazing as a woman who speaks a language all her own , but there is nothing to the role beyond the initial impression .
0 forget plan 9 and all the other ed wood classics , this effort must really take the biscuit as the worst film of all time !
0 she is so annoying i lost interest in this story .
0 the love concept is based on nothing , and male characters lacks personality .
1 the 80 's joe tune was one of the best cartoons in the history of television .
0 it would have made an interesting 20 minute short maybe , but as a feature film , it meandered too often .
1 star wars is a galaxy far , far away , this movie has horses in it ! ! !
0 for a start the film drags painfully in parts & most of it seems to be shots of annoying teenagers standing around drinking & cracking extremely unfunny jokes .
1 they make over-the-top stereotypes actually funny , instead of just laughable .
1 i recommend it to people of all ages .
1 although not an all-time classic , it is twice as funny as the latest austin powers retread .
1 drum changes the orders and holloway is given the mission at the last minute , and everybody is shocked .
1 i cant believe i am not the only one who remembers this awesome movie .
0 what should i do , go to my nice huge hotel bed , heck no , cinema here i come .
1 certainly one of the best new movies that i have seen in a long time .
0 *1/2 from ****
1 it is so easy to like , and really relaxing to watch , as well as richly detailing post-war britain .
1 a long but pleasantly sentimental journey .
1 redgrave gives a great performance , conveying the pain of his dilemma with aching conviction .
1 the movie gives a different point of view : it says things you can never say in a book .
0 if you know how to read , you 'd be vastly better off spending the time and the money on the original books .
0 really , i 'd say less than 25 % of this movie is actual exploitation killing , and the scenes are n't even that gory .
1 yul brynner is unbelievably good as a man freed of all bounds of convention , free to indulge his taste for cruelty and domination .
1 `` purple rose of cairo '' is my favorite woody allen movie .
1 but jack has a more personal reason for taking him down , that draws the two men into an explosive final showdown where only one will walk away alive .
1 edgy social commentary combined with explicit scenes of violence and a crackling good mystery to boot .
1 with very tight scripts and damned fine acting from all players , it would be hard to go wrong , but donna makes the whole film cohesive and attractive .
0 all cliché , no real plot .
1 as it will next year , and the year after that ...
0 *1/2 from ****
1 it 's one of rahman 's best works and he knows that he ca n't top it .
0 but that 's all it was , except for the last 30 minutes .
0 it felt like i sat watching this movie 101 minutes for nothing .
1 seeing this movie without having read the novel i felt the story was complete .
0 and the idea that a convicted murderer would actually ask his victim 's parents to take in and care for his daughter is beyond belief .
0 dr you should just get out of film ... seriously .
0 interiors has no sign of people living in them , except the significant objects hard luck .
0 it 's as if they took every unused script for stupid westerns and just mixed them together and filmed it .
1 better than excellent .
1 this has got to be one of the greatest casts of veteran western performers ever to appear in one film .
0 the character kyle needs to be sympathetic , but has to deliver too many cheesy one liners and throw so many little drama fits that the plot hardly justifies .
1 so , i waited and waited and waited patiently for this film to finally be released .
0 in typical schlocky sci-fi fashion , the inside of the ship looks ridiculous -- with lots of inappropriate equipment , no zero gravity , etc..
1 even though he uses plenty of old footage , he works them in well .
1 don siegel does all of the above in one of the most memorable and disturbing films i had the pleasure of watching .
0 the difference between the two sisters is notable and makes no sense .
0 pan is beyond annoying too .
1 i 'm not gon na spoil it for you just in case you have n't seen this but keep an eye out for it when you do !
1 when leo goes to paris for treatment , he takes marcel with him but the young boy confronts leo and demands to know the truth .
0 and , like so many other crap horror movies , a lot of the scares were `` fakes '' .
0 this was the only film i have ever seen that left me feeling violated .
1 what a sleeper this movie is .
1 seen it a dozen times , and it still stays fresh .
0 most of the mathematics and technology used in crime solving is now utter gibberish and very laughable to all people involved in science & technology for real .
1 this has to be the best horror flick of the 90 's .
0 awful execution of the football sequences ruins any possibility of excitement in this film .
0 to think we have soldiers putting their lives on the line for anyone that produces this kind of inane garbage .
0 if you want a good horror movie or even a passable comedy , this is n't it !
1 this exciting film displays suspense , intrigue , tension , and interesting drama well written by john michael hayes and charles bennett .
0 this might be forgivable if any moment of this film were as entertaining , creepy or exciting as any of those films ' worst moments .
0 i will always be a fan , but avoid this one .
1 i appreciate it because it 's elaborate and in such great numbers .
0 the story was awful , the characters were very one dimensional .
1 without being one of my favorites , this is good for being a change of pace ... even if only for a few minutes .
1 argentina is a specific place with a specific history .
0 the movie itself is very ugly looking .
1 i 've seen this movie during a festival here in munich with a huge crowd of real fantasy fans .
0 a somewhat promising concept , but poorly executed and weak in nearly every way .
1 young is good in her role , adequately conveying rachel 's disappointment with married life and her relationships with two men , holden and mitchum .
1 the predator may not be as beautiful as the creature from 'alien ' , but it 's just as inventive .
0 if you like bad acting , bad storytelling , low realism , and cheesy clichés , this one ca n't be beat !
0 simply , harsh realm is overall a thoughtless show with a potentially good premise .
0 it is never made explicit and each one denies they were having affairs but not convincingly .
1 it shows the most important memories of life , all of which can be topped by the single most elusive feeling : unexpected bliss .
1 the story of a 5th grader at an all boys catholic school on a mission to find god is extremely funny , witty and compelling at the same time .
0 camera and sound work were fine , the few small special effects were ok , so i guess it was the acting and directing that made it feel cheap .
0 flavor of love is a cynical , contrived and utterly useless show .
1 the film is beautifully written and the acting is of a high level throughout .
0 the only reason for being seen in public with this film is the fight sequences , wonderfully choreographed by mike stone and true master sho kosugi .
0 all goes well but then the mission gets botched and when a senior police chief , windsor is killed , the blame falls at dial 's feet .
1 as the first of its kind , this movie set the mold for the modern horror film , though none were ever to realize any comparable distinction .
0 instead , you will spend 83 minutes punching yourself while watching stolen and poorly made scenes run without any organization .
0 yup , that 's right folks , this is undoubtedly the worst show in the history of television .
1 the movie is great ; it 's one of the few musicals i have seen that does n't shy away from the light and dark .
1 his antics with `` babe 3 '' are unforgivable , simply breathtaking stuff as is his over exuberant dancing , but he pulls it off splendidly .
1 i was totally immerse in their universe even if i did n't quite care what was going on .
1 on an episode of law and order a few years back he was a twisted version of rupert murdoch .
0 the studio ordered clayton moore to stop appearing anywhere as the lone ranger .
1 the thing about gemini is that this is the only tsukamoto i can think of which has some kind of deeper meaning to it .
1 you can feel him read the man 's soul .
0 the movie 's script is lame , too many explosions , and did i mention cena ?
1 it had everything a great movie should have except for an original story , being adapted from a novel it was still damn good .
0 five people watched this movie at the same time and there was n't one single laugh to be heard , lots of yawning though .
1 few movies got it , this one has it .
0 a beautiful kim novak looks frighteningly out of place dancing and singing -- not to mention acting .
0 it was without a doubt the most disappointing movie experience i 've had to date .
1 of course , the simple pleasures of a guy is nothing to sneer at either , and adds to the charm of the show .
1 now i am 17 and still watch it whenever i get a chance to .
1 never say never again is a good film that 's just has entertaining as the official james bond films .
1 not since `` tipping the velvet '' have i seen such a performance by the lead actresses , this time by sally hawkins and elaine cassidy .
0 not to mention there were so many instances where she showed a total lack of common sense .
0 i have actually seen better acting in low budget porn .
0 i ca n't believe that there are people out there who voted 10 for this garbage !
1 if you 're tired by the same repetitive , unintelligent material that the mainstream movie industry releases , you 'll enjoy `` you are alone '' .
0 the original series had that well enough , as did the first movie , but here it 's just way , way too much .
1 and the hulk hogan 's character is perfect for him .
1 i 'm a geena davis fan for life because of this movie .
1 it has everything you could hope for in a disney animation : cute animals , great songs , a nasty villain and lots of adventure .
0 i watched through 8 of the 10 episodes and could n't handle anymore .
1 the casting is as perfect as one can get .
1 if you like slashers , you 'll really appreciate this film .
0 very few people can pull off an `` la story '' type of storyline ... and even steve martin barely did it .
1 he seems to know exactly what he wants to present on the screen , never showy and a keen camera eye to give the already top-notch performances maximum impact .
0 the filmmakers here did not help the situation by placing flashbacks into the story what seemed like every three minutes .
0 it is thus very hard to sympathise with her , or any other of the rather uninspiring characters .
0 instead , we get treated to scenes of screaming things in harsh voices , carving cryptic messages on cars , and writing messages on walls .
1 this movie has often been compared to clint eastwood 's `` high plains drifter '' , claiming that it 's more or less been the inspiration .
0 i mean , i have seen a few tv movies in my day , but this one almost comes across like a bad satire of tv movies .
1 - les mis has many stories inside of it , not just javert vs. valjean .
0 each of these interviews are merely excuses to play clips from past panther movies .
1 this movie can be really sad to watch but this shows the life of people in poverty and what 's the people like in the province in the philippines .
0 to the filmmakers : try for something original next time , or stop making movies all together .
1 she recounted what happened for me and the movie followed the events very truthfully .
0 i would never pay to see anything of this poor quality .
0 2 ) the castle 's housekeeper fights with her .
1 in the end this film totally delivers what is necessary for your enjoyment .
1 i recommend this movie to everyone , you will have a great time watching it .
0 the ending is one of the most disappointing of any action movie in recent memory and very clearly seems tacked on .
0 overall the plot just a mess and did not make any sense ...
0 if you wan na see some quality drama with humor go for `` six feet under '' and not this .
1 i think that this picture is the finest war story since i saw saving private ryan .
0 it 's a shallow , incompetent movie with no brains and no thrills .
1 it 's a great film , i think the last great james brooks film , but others may disagree .
0 some interesting acting moments and some decent production value , but not enough to lift this film from `` the hole '' it has fallen into .
0 these folks are loud , obnoxious , violent , and just extremely annoying .
1 boogie nights will also undoubtedly make stars of don cheadle , heather graham , and john reilly .
0 if you can sit through this you 're already brain-dead .
0 unfortunately this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life .
1 we move with the characters , we live alongside them , the film brings them an immediacy and relevance which mainstream cinema rarely tackles .
0 last of all , and the greatest defect of the film is that it just is n't funny enough .
0 and not just nothing , 2 plus hours of nothing .
0 everybody else , do n't even bother !
1 he expresses everything that is human : he is getting manipulated , he is weak , he gets scared , he has hope .
1 it does present an image of hollywood that is not portrayed in many films today , the seedy dirty side where the normal people exist .
1 `` you do n't mess with the zohan '' will keep adam sandler fans in stitches .
0 all the characters completely overacted especially the ones that were supposed to be really evil ones .
0 there 's basically no story , the songs are instantly forgettable , and the dance numbers resemble cheerleading routines more than anything else .
1 the characters are a work of genius every one of them especially the ones already on the island .
1 plus , his dedication he puts into his performances is phenomenal .
1 she is an actress of enormous gifts .
0 his character is poorly thought out , and he just pulls out the same old shtick to compensate for a stupid character .
1 just the meaning behind all of it is what matters .
0 even 20+ years later , ninja mission stands out as the worst movie i ever managed to sit through .
1 for this reason , it is an interesting look at life for blacks in those days and makes a disturbing statement .
0 from beginning to end it makes all of the classic film mistakes that most directors try to avoid .
1 it 's always great to see donald sutherland and here he 's wonderful as the callous father of macy .
0 having said this , i must also say that the actors in naked are very talented and they kept me watching this very silly story to the end .
1 show it to your friends and wonder how 8 minutes can be so much fun without taking off your clothes .
1 if you missed this broadcast , it is definitely worth the effort to borrow a tape from a friend who may have recorded it .
1 i would reccomend this film to everyone .
0 it could have been such a better movie if they did n't do anything but talk and scream the whole damn time .
0 the movie was awful and grace says that she is going to quit making these movies but she just keeps making them .
0 odd that the heroine should wish to draw blood from the villainess , with a `` let me have the spoils of her face ! ''
0 making matters worse , the half dozen female leads all dress and read their lines alike , making them impossible to tell apart .
1 stand-up at it 's best .
0 find the screenwriters , beat them with a sock full of quarters .
0 the movie had nothing exiting , funny , dramatic or romantic about it ! ! !
1 so simple , so good .
1 scorsese is considered the greatest us filmmaker still active .
0 and our protagonist , is just horrible .
0 the color is so incredibly fake it 's just bad , especially when you have a movie as gory as this one .
0 `` lost things '' is nothing of the above , just boring and confused .
0 mystery science theater 3000 would have not been able to bring any redeeming quality to a showing of this `` gem . ''
1 this film will undoubtedly go down in history as the greatest comedy ever !
1 as long as it 's real , the actors are truly emotionally invested , and the story compelling , i give it a thumbs up .
0 the plot is supposed to be funny , but i have not laughed along the whole story .
1 nothing with will ferrell or adam sandler can crack my to ten .
0 i 'll tell you what though , i had great satisfaction in seeing elizabeth mcgovern burn in a faux death ; she annoys me .
0 as a somewhat well read person , i thought this movie was a self indulgent poor imitation of a seinfeld episode .
0 the scarecrow going around killing people is n't the least bit enjoyable .
0 overall a very poor documentary .
1 murder by television is one of bela lugosi 's more obscure movies but at least it is available on video and dvd .
0 with rare dialog , the main focus is the beautiful cinematography , the sparse and understated performances of everyone , and the noise ! ! !
1 kelley and shatner are truly remarkable despite these challenges .
1 in short , this game really shook the whole world of rpgs ...
0 the annoying guitar music is awful , but perhaps a necessary evil as committed offers very little anyway .
1 his character is more direct and he is not afraid to kill innocent people for his purpose , as opposite of the other two .
1 i could go on ... ) i want to see more films like this .
0 as a cinema fan white noise was an utter disappointment , as a filmmaker the cinematography was pretty good , nicely lit , good camera work , reasonable direction .
1 i 'm sure there are people who find the romantic segments the best part of nikita .
1 some interesting plot twists and decent acting makes this mystery worth a look .
0 secondly it was just a pointless kill which may boost the body count but is just another peace of nonsense which adds to the drivel that is this film .
1 it primarily aims at providing fun and entertainment , and fulfills it in an efficient way .
0 and the opening credits were great , but do n't be fooled !
0 to sum up , i was curious about this film , and i 'm glad i watched it , but i probably would not watch it again .
0 the sets often look cheap and as though they have been thrown together randomly , or worse as if they are just walls with nothing behind them .
1 ralph steals every scene she 's in .
0 this piece of crap starts with a kidnapping of a girl .
0 but `` rain '' was laughable , hardly intense , gripping or thought-provoking .
1 fans of these films should give this one a look , and those that like the sci-fi creature features might find some nice things in here as well .
0 this is by far the most repulsive and atrocious version of the scarlet pimpernel ever to be devised .
0 the twist was terrible , it did n't make me feel a thing , like excitement or wow .
1 just watched it again with james , and off i go to ebay to buy it .
0 joan plowright is a fine actress but the scene with the `` negro spiritual '' was just in poor taste .
1 and grant is deliciously reprehensible as walter burns .
0 supporting cast not too memorable .
1 at first viewing it 's excellent , then after i thought about the film some more i gained appreciation for it .
0 with the exception of the acting of close and gyllenhaal , the whole film feels like a hack job .
1 it had all the elements there of a decent action cartoon .
1 do n't miss this film , there is plenty of everything .
0 fair enough times are hard , but that does not excuse the willingness of the actors to take part in such utter tripe .
0 it is so one sided , that i wondered if it was an ironic self-referential take on the whole genre -- for about one minute .
1 it 's also a retelling of the classic mythological story of the son having to confront the father figure to finally become a man .
1 the pictures and the way the animation was drawn was one of my favorite things .
0 for me , this is the worst movie ever made period !
1 both `` braveheart '' and `` rob roy '' compellingly depict scots history in bloody , romantic fashion .
0 character development is nonexistent and the film does nothing at all to resolve any of the plot threads left hanging after the game 's end .
0 another thing that would have made the movie better is better set direction .
0 the first 15 minutes are not really that bad , a couple of laughs , and decent development , but then it is downhill from there .
0 from time to time , it looks like there was no script for a scene , just `` the characters argue about something , then stop . ''
0 the action scenes are alright , there 's some exploding cars & some shoot outs but nothing spectacular .
0 the entire movie seams to be stuck inside altman 's imagination , and he never bothered to share his ideas or his vision with audience .
1 we all know you ca n't put a ffvii in 1.5 hours and keeping that in mind the storyline actually offered more to me than i expected .
1 when the two lock eyes at the french market , we know this match will be full of sparks .
1 if you 're impressed by lots of bangs and bumps , you 'll love this movie .
1 a truly prophetic parable of our times .
0 bigger stars were originally intended , but i find it works better when you have lesser known , capable actors .
1 it is still a beautiful film and i would still recommend it to anyone .
0 what little attempts there are at humor actually work , but that 's hardly enough to recommend this film .
0 this film is abysmal .
1 this movie will leave you thinking about the lives of those living in the war-torn areas .
0 the acting is bad , the lines are cheesy , the effects are budget and the plot is silly .
1 if you like feel good movies about the elderly , then i would recommend this film .
0 this film is so poorly made that you never get a good look at the monsters featured on screen .
1 the only negative thing i can say about this movie is that the story is a little underdeveloped .
0 talk , talk , talk , and the most action involved vomiting into other people 's mouths .
0 it 's as if she wanted the exposure , but she could n't bear to actually be involved in the plot .
0 the cinematography sucks as well .
1 as a male i was constantly agreeing , laughing , nodding and completely understanding josh 's position with his actions and thoughts .
0 i 've established myself as a fan of war and violence films and i wo n't have that reputation destroyed ... 3/10
1 adapted from a stage play it is admittedly slow and talky , but it does challenge the intellect .
1 while darcy 's away , michael examines his feelings toward her and learns more about her in the process .
0 it leaves you horrified that someone actually spent time and money on something like this ...
1 many hailed it as a return to form , well i 'm not having any of that as this ca n't compare to argento 's best .
0 other gimmicks i ca n't stand are when a character points to something obviously and lingers on it for an uncomfortably long time .
0 that 's actually about all there is to the plot , except that ren gets involved with pretty ariel , the daughter of the preacher .
1 probably just specific details which sounds silly until you see the emotional level of this movie and how the characters interact together .
0 the only people who should really be offended by this are saddam hussein and winona ryder .
0 sets were terrible , could n't get away from the fact that it was all obviously based in a set , which really did n't help .
0 i lost all respect for the entire cast of this movie `` no more support from me . ''
1 the ending was definitely disturbing with some of its implied violence , but well-done .
1 and not only it is fast , it 's smart and wonderfully sarcastic .
0 this aspect certainly spoiled what 's about to come and clouded the story with confusion .
0 the sight of a 75 year old woman with a plastic face making sexual innuendos seemed more suitable for a horror film .
0 the rest of the cast is ... well i do n't know where those actors were hired but jeez !
0 even die hard john wayne fans will have to concede that this film is a mess .
0 a few gratuitous bloody scenes and sex scenes , but again they 're hardly enough to be considered interesting and worthwhile .
1 and , as lemmon 's counterpoint , she plays it very well , and pulls it off without a hitch .
1 enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts .
0 gaston is probably the worst swordsman i have ever seen .
1 yes i am biased as a huge tenacious d fan , but i really did like this film which made me chuckle quite a lot .
1 czech humour by its very nature is dark and often uncompromising , but often with a naive and warm sentiment behind it .
1 camilla belle was enjoyable and fun to watch as she portrayed the young adoring sister excited by what was happening around her .
0 the script is awful , it just meanders around constantly ridiculing crime and prisoners of war .
0 and justin timberlake -- well , no wonder he wears a wig and moustache throughout .
1 and the end is the ultimate punch - where i think , if you look close enough you can actually catch the darkness between the frames where death waits ...
0 in 2010 it should be clear to anyone that schrader squandered his career on work of no impact or importance .
0 this film was so derivative , the only pleasure we got watching it was trying to identify which movie a particular scene was most directly stolen from .
0 rani had some role to play , but she did n't look good .
0 that said , the first ten minutes were so impressively acted , shot and edited that my hopes were soaring .
1 there are a lot of people that put down on these type 80 's movies but those people may not have been coming of age during this time .
0 i made it through about 30 minutes of this absolutely crappy movie when i thought to myself , i am now a little more dumber after watching this movie .
1 do n't look in the basement , being a first attempt makes the quality all the more shocking .
0 some very poor lighting effects .
1 i rarely meet people like this as singles and i have never met any in couples .
0 the story was bad the acting horrible i think they even burned the popcorn the night i went to see it .
0 overall , a few moments of laughter ca n't make up for the fact that `` down to earth '' is poorly acted , and poorly directed .
0 reason for this is simple ... people need to be warned : this is one of the worst comedies of the new millennium .
1 relax and give it a try .
1 i say great acting , great writing and overall a great show buy this on dvd if you can find it it 's cheap and definitely worth every cent .
1 do n't be afraid of this one .
1 if you want to escape the real world for a few hours i would definitely suggest this film .
0 it was just so damn boring and there was nothing scary about it .
0 often , the film looked like little more than a second-rate renaissance festival , complete with the amount of slipshod authenticity that generally accompanies it .
0 the werewolf -- my god , the werewolf was so hilariously bad .
0 webs has those kind of tv has-been actors that look like they are there as part of their probation or work release program .
1 i was thrilled to see this great film released on dvd .
1 but for some reason , i 'm not too keen on zac efron , although all my friends think he 's the best thing since jesse mccartney .
0 i 'm a big robert mitchum fan but even i could n't sit through this one .
0 only redeeming quality is the numerous shots of the food .
0 she does what she knows works so she tries to seduce him , well it does n't work and she proceeds to burn his tuition money up .
1 of course , the plot is really no different from any other swashbuckler , but it 's still a heck of a lot of fun .
0 watch it at your peril .
0 the production values are low and there is hardly any action .
0 boring and dull , with leaden performances from cast members whose careers were all in severe decline .
0 the whole thing is an utter mess from start to finish , and its 90 minute duration seems more like 90 hours !
0 it was well shot from the outset , but that 's the last positive comment i have about the film .
0 this has to be one of the most pointless movies to ever make it onto cinema screens .
1 overall , this episode shows that future life , while with obvious differences in technology , will be largely the same for us humans .
1 hector elizondo 's voice creates a bane who 's much more memorable than the forgettable version in `` batman & robin . ''
1 it must say something about the state of our nation that this programme is one of the most popular currently screened .
1 it 's amazing how i could not have seen this movie but once a few years ago considering how old it is .
0 essentially what we have here is a zombie movie , minus the thrills .
0 oh , and the ending is so unbelievably hackneyed and irresponsible .
0 congrats , this was the worst movie i was ever unfortunate enough to see .
1 a great piece of work .
0 from the cinematography , to the script , to the acting , this movie is a complete flop .
0 while there are some nice touches and the plot is relatively coherent , it is laboured , hackneyed and ultimately , mindlessly boring .
1 the idea was n't entirely new , but the way of showing the movie was simply revolutionary .
1 some of the world 's most way out inventions have been included here .
1 it goes from the present to the past , and back a number of times through the feature .
0 the special effects are better than the last 2 , but they still look godawful .
1 but it 's so good !
0 however in human form all that remains is the green eyes and green teeth , which appear when put under any sort of stress .
0 the acting in the movie was decent , josh wears the same expression on his face during 99 % of the film .
0 anyone interested in cinema history needs to see films like this one to appreciate how weak our current crop of auteurs truly are .
1 mathematics is his connection between past and present , also symbolizes eternity .
0 anyway , i derailed , that is an 1 for this movie !
0 and a good actor , don stroud , overacted to the hilt , playing the guy no one likes , and who we are n't supposed to like .
1 a unique and poignant story being told here ... for anyone that 's ever felt like their life lacks the `` spark '' they 've always dreamed of .
0 if otherwise - do n't watch this .
0 the characters were poorly acted out and very stereotypical .
1 whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era .
0 a generous amount of blood and unsettling special effects ca n't even save it , and that is one element i normally go for .
0 ***1/2 from ****
1 it also shows him to have emotion .
1 this movie further proves that martin scorsese is the best director alive , and sadly he always gets overlooked when it comes to the oscars .
1 helena bonham carter is so convincing as a person with als that i found it hard to believe that she was only acting .
0 we have a disturbed person who will stop at nothing to accomplish there goal even if they have to kill a few people in the process .
1 what is there to say about meryl streep other than she always gives an insightful and rewarding performance .
0 overall the movie is a waste of time , 4 me ! !
1 although a tad long and the the fact that there seems to be no dirt anywhere in this film , i urge you to check this out .
1 all three actors are among my favorites and having them in this movie made for a special treat .
1 it is the best performance i have ever seen from hilary , and i have seen most of her films .
0 had the audience paid money for this turd burger then things would have most likely gotten violent , and i would 've gladly led the charge .
1 i live with this movie 35 years already , and so do all my friends and my family .
0 the idea of putting angela back in the road was not bad at all , but why did they have to make it so far-fetched ?
1 the psychiatrist character and actress are the most defined and well worked ones .
0 having said all that , this film was awful .
0 the actors were ugly and talentless and i could n't identify or empathize with them at all .
0 it 's amazing that this film was n't the reason that ingrid bergman 's film career plummeted -- her performance and character were that bad !
1 a mostly underrated gem .
0 even for fans of the first part , or for fans of any of the other actors , it 's really not worth buying the the dvd .
0 - this is the first time that i 've watched the screaming skull without the assistance of the mst3k crew .
0 maybe , maybe it 's funnier if you 're gay but i like to think that gay people have better sense of humor than this .
0 so every act of violence or mayhem is given a feeling of absolutely no consequence .
0 there are no camera movements , no edits , no stylistic touches .
1 tupac 's expressions are scary in some ways because of the things he does to his friends .
1 this is one of the cartoon shows i shall keep for future generations .
0 when he switched from one to the other , you felt it as though he 'd taken a sledgehammer to your head .
1 if you 're watching mst3k , joel and the bots are a little limp on this one , but the movie is fantastic .
1 no one in their right mind would disagree with their status as some of the best films ever made .
0 just if you 're more into a fast paced stories , i suggest you skip this movie .
0 the only good thing with the movie is that it that it has an end and that it has a rather short running time .
0 his face is totally wrong for lancelot ...
1 if you are a fan of the coming of age genre you will enjoy this movie , even with some of the slow and lengthy parts .
1 but overall , this is definitely one of the best programs ever made , and will continue to be a source of entertainment for many generations .
1 so one hot chick and a murder mystery later i was surprised at how much i enjoyed the film , it was very effective ...
0 this film stinks , plain and simple .
1 joline , who is committed to their marriage starts her journey to find carl , yet on the way discovers a lot about herself .
0 not only the movie is `` null '' but actor/actress are bad too .
1 the world of five star hotels and superior restaurants is nicely evoked .
1 there are so many wonderful bits in this picture that make it a delight to watch .
0 i think at points the director is trying to make it an artistic piece but this just makes it worse .
1 though not as good as the first sinbad movie , the seventh voyage of sinbad , i still enjoyed watching this one .
1 he carries the series effortlessly , in a way that , for example , sarah michelle gellar never managed on `` buffy . ''
0 we just ca n't believe somebody was dumb enough to make such a crappy movie !
1 blunt and friend are excellent in every scene that they share and keep you interested in what is happening between victoria and albert .
0 my advice is to not waste your time on this dud !
1 uma thurman was better then in the kill bill movies and gena rowlands and juliette lewis were outstanding .
0 i saw the movie late one night on cable and could not believe how bad it was .
1 the movie is a very perfect mixture of emotions , drama and entertainment .
1 i believe it is the best role and performance of griffin dunne in his career .
1 great direction and a brilliant performance by marky mark , who acts like a true metal dude !
0 there 's nothing in the thirst : blood wars i could n't stage myself with some fake blood & a camcorder , nothing .
1 great film to view over and over again and a great classic film from 1958 .
0 val guest has a story credit , but this movie does n't come up to the quality of his brilliant comedies .
1 all the characters seem to be in different stories , and i do n't know why it has an 18 certificate .
1 this film will always remain as one of my all time favourites !
1 creative and rightfully epic , yet familiar , prompting a sense of nostalgia rarely obtained by indy films .
1 a true masterpiece in all aspects , and essential for all hong kong film fans .
0 there is n't even a single sex scene , or at least not a believable one .
0 there 's a bit of life to be found towards the end , but make no mistake , this is dire stuff .
0 steven seagal wears a suit and tie for the entirety of the movie .
1 so much over-the-top fun and the songs are so catchy .
1 i 'm glad that bmw did this series , perhaps they will see fit to release it on dvd , that would be excellent .
1 `` michael o'hara '' lives to tell the tale .
0 strike three : while cheerleader massacre does have some nudity , , the murders are relatively bloodless .
0 i quote robert deniro from `` a bronx tale '' when i say , `` there 's nothing in the world worse than wasted talent . ''
0 despite some efforts to make him physically appear like a big-time banker , he comes off flat and stiff in his role .
0 i know that plays into the plot , but it also added to my confusion as a viewer .
0 it is the most ridiculous movie moment ever !
0 this in my opinion is the worst thing about the hbo series .
1 hearing and watching this quartet of brilliant actors is not unlike attending a performance of a fine string quartet .
0 the character kyle needs to be sympathetic , but has to deliver too many cheesy one liners and throw so many little drama fits that the plot hardly justifies .
0 the film is dated , the plot is confused and boring , and the characters lack depth .
0 this is a reasonable but unremarkable thriller and not really worth more than a couple of dollars if you want it .
0 the `` alligator '' is not at all convincing , and many of the sub-plots go nowhere .
0 i loved the original movie , and this one was not worthy of being its sequel .
1 lots of good silly stuff to laugh at .
0 truly awful .
1 i love movies that you do n't get until the very end , and this movie provided that .
0 i expected to see a good horror movie , when i bought `` the living dead girl '' but i was disappointed .
0 specially because of the weak acting .
1 do n't watch this movie expecting another darko .
1 hopefully audiences will get to see more of reg rogers and ally sheedy as this film proves their merit as very accomplished actors beyond doubt .
0 unfortunately thanksgiving family reunion is so mind-numbing bad it is n't even worth seeing for a cheap laugh .
1 the tight bond these two characters have with their internal spaces is almost as intense as their relationship to the exteriors .
0 this lifeless , cliche ridden waste of film is one of the worst movies ever made .
0 this is a sort of approach that is common for adventure movies but in this case they simple just overdid it .
1 both fall in love and spend all their time together -- even though their love is fated to end before its time .
1 what probably no one short of myself will ever realize is the historic significance to this film .
1 he also is a good man , stays strong in his beliefs regardless of his own well-being and is a gentle soul .
1 the movie is loosely based on a true event covered by frontline about a tobacco scientist titled `` the man who knew too much '' .
0 it 's just a random sequence of pointless chatter joined together to make a 'movie ' .
0 i give it three stars only because the quality of the production apart from the antics of lansbury and joslyn seems adequate if not spectacular .
1 such a theme will continue through almost everything cronenberg would later film , as he would become the master of body horror .
1 plus , at less than an hour , the pacing is great and the story seems to have aged extremely well .
1 this is a moving story about friendship , love , guilt and eventual redemption .
0 all i will say , is that it 's a poorly acted , cheesy , predictable `` thriller '' that , unfortunately , is not trying to be comical .
0 as a previous critic noted , ' a shabby little shocker ' .
1 it has everything that makes a movie great , fun , memorable .
0 the writers seemed unwilling to think through a plausible way to put the ship in trouble .
0 dennis quaid 's character had annoying mannerisms and an irritating way of talking .
0 washington did a decent job with what was handed to him , but you could tell that this was not lee 's favorite film .
1 in the style of saving private ryan the viewer gets a astounding look at war with a lot of blood , guts and cgi .
1 everybody will recognize some of the situations and story lines that are present in this movie .
0 if you 're looking for a good film noir , rent `` bound '' instead .
1 zellweger is ably supported by kinnear and morgan freeman both doing solid work , and it 's especially pleasing to see chris rock show restraint in his earlier scenes .
0 add in bored , poor acting , even from the normally good eastwood .
0 the first one was good , but what the hell happened when they made this one .
0 but the whole approach is immature coming from a veteran director .
1 i had a crush on michelle yeoh , i am still a big fan and tries to catch every film that she 's in .
0 the movie is basically a series of loosely coupled cinematic clichés stitched together in a rom-com template .
0 the fantasy and magic was laid on thick as liver pudding and there was no coherency .
1 i do n't remember being bored like this since i was on detention at high school .
1 i never thought that a movie could change the way i think like this before ... it did .
1 i wanted to write a short one for popular anyway and i seriously encourage everyone to watch this show .
0 i give it a score of 2 out of charity -- for at least trying something different .
1 the assignment is based on a true story , which has been somewhat embellished for the big screen , and it really takes you on a fun ride .
1 if you like guest 's stuff at all , you should definitely own this one .
1 actually , this film is well-cast from soup to nuts : everyone is believable and true to his role .
1 almost 20 years later trick or treat is still one of my all time favorite movies .
0 this movie is nothing more than christian propaganda .
0 grade z tripe .
0 the ending is neither touching nor thrilling .
1 michelle pfeiffer also has a great performance and is very beautiful in this movie as sam 's lawyer rita harrison .
1 maybe you think this movie will be too romantic for some , but there is a good lot of tension in it .
0 the acting ranged from passable to awful .
0 the movie is not bad , but when the story becomes subordinate to the movie star , it becomes a distraction and the whole production suffers .
1 second only to the warner bros. cartoon `` peace on earth , '' this is the most i 've ever been moved by an animated short .
1 true , there are one or two scenes that seem a bit forced , but overall it 's quite affecting , and gorgeously filmed in technicolor .
0 the plot is already explained here so i wo n't go into it , but i really must voice that i thought this was a truly awful movie .
1 in `` isle of the dead '' he is never someone we are allowed to identify with , but he still manages to make us understand his every action .
0 it really sucks any life this film might have possibly had out .
0 sure , it would have been nice if he 'd transfered it to film , but this happened instead .
0 by accident , the leprechaun is released and almost immediately the annoying creature starts to look for his gold , not displaying any respect for human life .
1 the movie accurately portrays his life and some of the history of the lds church at the same time .
1 like 99.9 % of all of bakshi 's films , this one incorporates animation and live-action .
1 i recently stumbled onto the dvd boxed set and just finished up with the final episode last night .
0 i will refrain from commenting on lady catherine except to say that she is possibly the worst portrayal in the entire film .
1 i had n't seen this for a few years , so i enjoyed watching it again last week when it got a screening on tv .
0 and more info on technique is available then ever before the sound in this movie is plain bad .
0 i find it amazing that this is promoted as a comedy , because i did n't laugh once .
1 the rest of the cast in the film , horror , thrillers , dramas , and interesting films then i strongly recommend you to see this film today !
0 the acting was terrible .
0 because he claims that the people on flight 93 , were n't alive at this point , that they had been killed , and that their voices were faked .
0 i was very disappointed with the movie and left the theater thinking , `` seriously ?
1 maybe someone will do a lester retrospective so that this masterpiece can finally find the audience it deserves .
0 i can only assume the cast and director were blackmailed into making this dreary , unimaginative , stagy piffle .
1 after hearing the difference between perfect and dial m i thought it outrageous , but it works .
1 yet director jean eustache manages to keep it fresh , ironic and witty .
1 this is the kind of movie i love , low on budget but big on style and imagination .
0 just do n't watch this mess .
1 very profound and touching , very good acting , excellent photography , technically superb , there 's nothing to really complain about .
0 the characters i could n't relate to and the relationships between all characters were n't believable .
1 i have a huge 5.1 surround sound system that does do this justice and would recommend this anyone especially a beatles fan .
0 this movie is one of the typical liberal attempts to rewrite history .
1 gameplay - 10/10 graphics - 9/10 sound - 9/10 replay value - 7/10 multiplayer - 8/10 i give this game a grand total of 90 %
0 whilst being fairly shocking seeing all your favourite london landmarks being demolished by a very fake cgi storm surge , flood does n't really deliver on anything else .
0 unfortunately , they do n't carry it , so i decided to try this pos instead .
0 if some studio spends any money to produce this awful picture , then is not a surprise that this kind of histories are more common on these days .
0 i am telling you this was a waste of time and money !
1 you can make up your own mind yes its awful but it pulls it off somehow thats why i love it
1 adding to it 's brilliance is the script , which is one of the finest i have ever witnessed .
1 please make this film the success the big , fat greek wedding was .
1 i wo n't single them out , i will simply say that this film boasts one of the best ensemble casts i have ever seen .
1 there 's quite a range of different comedy to enjoy .
0 nobody has special merits in the story but ramon sampedro himself .
0 corny lines are numerous .
0 i 'm just crossing my fingers `` road warrior '' will fulfill the expectations of where this film ends , otherwise that 's more time wasted .
1 a fantastic satire in the vein of spinal tap , only more clever .
1 set in a middle european kingdom , it was an updating of the swashbuckling novels of alexandre dumas .
0 a snowman , about whom it is remarked that he has no legs or feet , drives a police cruiser around town .
1 the performances are good , and the play speaks for itself however , ms. franz is the added bonus of seeing this version .
0 if you 're interested in seeing this movie , do n't .
1 walter matthau and john stamos are good together .
0 when the experiment works there is no praise , and when it starts going wrong there is little reaction .
0 what an insult to the viewer !
1 i 've already seen him two other times and loved him every time because he was so funny and a breath of fresh air .
1 this is what i believe could be one of the best movies ever made for television .
1 he 's brimming with authenticity and his laid back ways provide some of the shows greatest comedic moments .
0 special effect where cool , action was interesting at times , but more often than not the story and plot was slow or illogical .
1 all in all , this is a very good movie and it is the script and the acting which really carry it through !
1 and as for the breakfast scene with billy , just simply magnificent .
0 this is a pretty boring slasher in my opinion , as i was quite disappointed after reading lots of positive stuff about it , and i say avoid it .
1 you really do know everything that will happen .
1 but the reward is exceptional , i came out a slightly different person .
0 its probably one of the worst films ever made .
0 just a lame attempt to be shocking .
0 i would just say that the hype , the story , the climax and the stupendous fight scenes take the cake as making this pure garbage .
1 every aspect of it is superb , the writing , the actors , the editing , the sound , the music , the direction .
0 there are far too many things deviant and completely improbable in this movie .
0 in fact , almost as much was spent on the three minute soul asylum video then was spent on clerks .
1 if you could n't see where this movie was headed after about 15 minutes , you need to see more movies .
0 at that point i had lost the will to even keep my eyes at television level , and i drifted in and out of consciousness .
0 there 's two hours i 'll never get back .
0 yet here , the humor just is n't there as it seems the intent is to shock the viewers and not entertain them in any way .
1 the film managed to keep my interest the entire time and i actually laughed out loud more than once !
1 after that , this movie has a deep meaning , philosophical , and totally haunting .
0 after starring in admittedly enjoyable crowd-pleasing films like under siege and executive decision , seagal hits the low grounds of the bad movie abyss .
0 avoid this movie at all costs .
0 this movie is so out of control that a major film studio could n't touch this with a 10 foot pole .
0 the dialogue is far too sophisticated , but otherwise it would be laughable .
0 4 out of 10 stars ... and i 'm in a generous mood today .
1 jon lovitz is perfect , and linda hamilton plus renee russo shine in their roles .
1 even he has been through several villain characters , the devotion and outcome that he put in this role is never been seen before .
0 probably the positive comments were written by those who stand to make some money from the rest of us renting this turkey .
0 i like the idea behind the plot , but the execution is terrible !
1 unfortunately , this show is hard to see in the states , but if you have a chance , watch it !
1 still he is a very unique type though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary .
1 tcm simply has to be experienced , no critical analysis can do it justice .
1 i have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them .
0 a mess that let down the fans of the remake like me .
0 the storyline is always being dragged and the fight scenes feel so redundant , i kept saying `` please , please just use a gun to skip these ! ''
1 watching this once more without distorted soundtrack , in fact watching in italian , it is a sumptuous visual and aural feast .
0 you can shoot them with 1500 mm cameras , for all i care , but they are still wheat fields .
0 i ca n't believe this brain dead movie was made by wes craven .
1 the characters have very realistic personalities and are placed in situations that parallel what we often face in real life .
1 it just stands for itself and i must say that this carmen does it very well .
0 my brother once forced me to watch this film , because he said i would n't believe how bad a film can get !
1 if you 've never seen baby face catch it the next time it 's shown on cable or rent the cassette .
0 meredith henderson and nathan stephenson had show , that they can act very good , so some producers had to take them to better movies .
1 the filmmakers here fully achieve what they set out to do and deserve congratulations .
0 going on a rant about how bad this movie was is a waste of breath .
1 `` only the valiant '' exemplifies the new breed of military western after world war ii .
1 this ifc effort serves to illustrate and clarify the main idea of what that time meant for the careers of these illustrious people seen in the documentary .
0 the only reason i wanted to see this movie was because of rose mcgowan .
1 the point really driven home by the movie though is to stand up for one 's beliefs throughout all of life no matter how hard it may prove .
1 this is a movie that will appeal to those who really enjoy the arts of acting , directing , and writing .
0 and the film bites off more than it can chew in trying to comment both on social change and the rodeo life .
1 his scene is one of the best because it 's an exercise in carefully calculated suspense and paranoia .
1 the actors played there roles perfect , especially mark wahlberg , john c. reilly , and william h. macy .
1 it 's an exciting , mesmerizing political movie with great performances by kevin kline and a young denzel washington .
0 not even seeing farrah in her youthful days helped .
0 most of them are what they are : bad films .
0 the film is very hard to follow and the plot just did n't seem to make any sense .
0 also , the movie have unnecessary and utterly disgusting sequences , like the ones showing pieces of corpses in laboratory and naked corpses being transported .
1 it 's more of a horror/comedy than straight horror but the humor is welcome and well integrated .
1 you should watch it , watch it and love it .
1 not for the first time , samuel l jackson plays so well that we forget we 're watching samuel l jackson ; the man is unbelievably good .
1 over here in europe the movie is n't available that easy so you will have to catch it in germany or the us .
0 i 've seen many bad films over the years , believe me , and this beats the lot !
0 the filmmakers have taken a well loved film and produced a travesty .
0 for gay film completists only but be warned again ... the view of gays here is deplorable .
1 novello 's acting may be slightly overdone , but it only makes him seem more mysterious .
0 the plot , or lack of plot , rambles about and is very confusing .
1 the music is good , the message harsh , the actors great and the story is both emotional and raw .
1 this is the funniest movie i 've ever seen .
0 predictable dialogue , hokey special effects , a screenplay that drifted all over the place .
0 but to start here , i ca n't recommend the saint 's double trouble .
1 their performances lift the movie , give life to some exaggerated scenes .
0 stop making movies for heroes and their images !
1 never before is now one of my favourite muppet songs along with first time it happens and professional pirate .
1 it never insults any minority group , and it succeeds exceedingly .
0 the whole shrek 2 experience was n't my taste anyway , and this extra they put on is n't as funny either .
0 as if it were a minor disagreement and the fault was mostly hers ! ! ? ? ! ! ? ? ! !
1 i would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to sit back , relax and have a good time with the one they love .
0 the trailer is nothing less than intriguing and exciting ; unfortunately , the movie is none of these .
1 i laughed and cried out loud .
1 i especially like the character vicky pollard , her role is so perfectly written and when matt plays vicky he brings a certain credibility to the role .
1 this could be written off as a gimmick , but it is one of the film 's strongest points , the movie looks , feels , and sounds authentic .
1 chaplin is retelling the story of carmen and plays a big role himself as don jose .
1 although the story is rather far fetched the film has an excellent cast and is very well acted , so most of its viewers probably enjoy it .
0 ms. lohan , disney 's reigning drama queen , has little acting ability .
0 i normally do n't try and second guess a crime thriller , but cleaner was just entirely too predictable .
0 with the exception of the social worker , there are no likable , trusting characters in this film .
0 every single piece of wit and intelligence has been removed from the oscar wilde story by the inept screenplay writer .
0 i could just tape over this vhs but i think i will burn it in the fire pit instead .
1 still there is that bit of the lone gunman out on the prairie , which just adds to the magnificent story of revenge .
1 well , mine loved it more than the first .
1 this is not as funny as their earlier films , duck soup and a night at the opera , but this is totally worth a rating of ten stars !
1 it 's definitely on my all-time favorites list .
1 the best animated astérix movie ever !
1 the cure is an outstanding real-life drama that deals with a very sensitive subject .
0 but this one was way too boring , regardless of the suspenseful music that never leads you anywhere .
0 he is an unattractive , overweight , balding jewish man who i am supposed to believe has sex with beautiful women .
1 from the bizarre opening shot of the oil field and the director 's credit , i knew this was one worth the dollar .
1 come into it with an open mind and an iron stomach and i think you be pleasantly surprised , especially with this particular episode .
1 also the music by mark snow is possibly the best score i 've ever heard .
0 some of his films are really good , and others like `` embryo '' and this piece of drek should have been left to the next generation of actors .
1 it is just that good .
0 i rank this film with a 1 out of 10 -- but , in all honesty and truth , this film deserves a zero .
0 the humor was so bad it became horrible .
0 i do not suggest this movie to anybody except middle school girls who are in love with paul walker .
0 it is awful programming , for the simple minded .
0 i literally had to keep myself from falling asleep during this movie as it attempted to frighten me out of my wits .
0 finally , the final insult , without giving it away , the climax of the film makes no sense .
0 it 's supposedly an action comedy , but the `` humor '' is less funny than puppies getting run over on the highway .
0 john carpenter must have been going through some kind of bad patch to have done a film this insipid .
1 lionel atwill , a 1930s universal studio staple , is terrific -- just mysterious enough to keep you guessing .
0 i 've started viewing more and more drama instead of just lame hollywood blockbuster action flicks , but this movie was extremely boring and slow .
1 sure some moments felt unlikely , but never does it get in the way or distract .
0 i just can not get over the stupid goth kid they have in this movie , his career must have went far .
0 i like weller , hannah , and berenger , but even they can not rise above this horrendous made-for-tv script .
0 when every character in a movie ca n't get a clue , especially the two young lovers , then any alleged plot becomes meaningless .
0 spare yourself the expense and the waste of time .
0 the monologues really do n't present any new ideas but rehash various conspiracy theories and so forth .
0 unfortunately , the movie goes to such extremes that we are not so much charmed by frank , rather we are terrified by him .
1 the only complaint is that the laughs stop in the last quarter of the movie , which is rather uninteresting as the focus shifts from comedy to romance .
0 how did top actors like patrick stewart and vinnie jones get roped into this mess ?
0 everybody else is either a total fool , idiot or dork .
1 his performance is probably the best in history .
0 i mean it is better to stare out of a window than watch this , that 's reality tv too , and far more interesting .
1 the high standards of bbc tv is evident in the production , and superb lead actors make this an uplifting experience .
0 this was so lame that i turned the dvd off ... maybe halfway through .
1 it was aired on thanksgiving in 1983 , and i was going through problems of my own and this film really impacted heavily on me .
0 they only thing good about it was the little boys acting he was great and at such a young age .
1 one of the best villains , in my opinion , appears in this series .
0 what was the character amy blue supposed to be anyway , an angst-ridden teen rebel ?
0 this was far and away the worst movie i 've ever seen in my entire life .
0 i have to honestly say that this movie was a huge disappointment .
0 i feel as if i 've wasted almost 2 hours of my life that i will never get back .
1 george c. scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as scrooge .
0 the special effects were kinda cool but a total waste of money when combined with this lame half witted story .
0 the quality of the images were terrible .
0 matthew lillard some unknown reason inter cuts the sketches with unoriginal jokes that your father probably knows .
1 i recommend this movie to everyone , it is well worth your time , it shows people anything is possible if you put your heart in it .
1 peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be amazed by what these brave people have done , and where the sport is going .
0 additionally , the plot meanders aimlessly , and none of the characters is likable .
1 if you do n't speak japanese , there is a lot of reading to be done and there are many cultural references that demand some attention .
1 this is one of the finest and lowest budget indie films i 've seen recently .
0 in all four of the stories the lack of empathy leads to disaster : 1 .
0 the script is so poor that rodney seems to be saying his one liners to the camera and all the side characters have nothing to do .
0 26 years later i still feel robbed for having paid to see this joke .
1 instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and jerky , give him the freedom to express beyond anything you imagined .
0 i liked sally hawkins as anne , but the rest of the cast fell rather short of what they should have been .
1 i expected nothing from this movie , just something to pass the time , but i was hooked from the start !
0 apart from the murder on the mother near the beginning , which is shown repeatedly and at least three times , there 's nothing even remotely suspenseful going on .
1 it was just re-released in 2001 on dvd and vhs .
1 you get very good interplay between connery and harris and connery and fishburne as they all shine rather well in this one .
0 things i liked about the movie : 1 .
0 i would n't recommend this movie to anyone , man or woman , that has any form of self-respect to account for .
0 this is not intelligent sci-fi , this is the plot of a computer game .
0 sure , the stolen identity idea works , just about , but even that falls apart when we consider that college records usually include photos of the students .
1 the film has many twists , and bill paxton directs splendidly by keeping us guessing without losing interest .
1 all of cassavetes 's films are noteworthy , and the killing of a chinese bookie is one of his finest .
0 just bad .
1 i 've found , after watching it with many friends , that you enjoy it completely , or find it absolutely unbearable .
0 finally the enterprise sinks completely during long and tiresome slapstick routines performed by leon errol .
0 no , this is worse than any acting i 've seen on a school stage .
0 the story and characters are extremely unrealistic , this movie was inspired by the man advertising on internet to eat somebody and getting a response .
1 like mizoguchi and kurosawa , ichikawa knew how to use his camera to paint beautiful and stunning pictures .
1 tony soprano exemplifies the beleaguered working stiff , torn between familial duty and a need to keep his `` business '' on an even keel .
0 it was an interesting if far-fetched idea for a story , but this was a b film that got that kind of treatment .
1 it is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this .
0 i really did n't like this movie and am amazed i sat through it..
0 it 's no masterpiece but for a campy horror sequel , children of the corn ii works as mindless entertainment .
0 oh boy ... this has got to be one of the biggest turkeys i 've seen lately .
0 the acting is wooden , characters are played lamely , and lack any emotion , charisma or personality .
1 wow this was the best acting in a film that i have seen in ages , best actor award definitely goes to the 2 year old girl .
1 few american composers have had a better gift for melody .
1 the whole movie is hunting and involving , filled with a wide range of deep feelings ...
0 there is not even proper action in it .
0 the main character louise looks like a bad audrey hepburn .
0 i think lori ruined the movie for me most of all with her whiny voice and annoying mannerisms .
1 this relationship carries over into the program we get to see .
1 a moving film , lovingly made , and based on real people and their actual experiences .
0 but as i mentioned before there were characters that made the show often times not fun and just annoying where you wanted it to end .
0 there were funny bits along the way to be sure , but few were original .
1 a low-budget old dark house mystery that is better than it needs to be , with sharp dialogue and engaging characters ... ca n't go wrong !
1 the film also is one i treasure and would love to have on dvd .
1 also great is the way henry king directs the sequences that take place in the mill town .
1 there is not much not to like in this little suspense and all the pieces fit neatly together the way they should .
1 black day blue night was actually good modern noir .
1 the low-key nature of her not returning and the range of emotions from impatience to agitation to panic and then despair is performed with a realistic touch .
1 at times the movie some scenes seem pointless but at the same time they 're funny .
0 not even oswald morris ' glossy cinematography can save this one .
0 one of the worst home videos that someone dared to make copies of and tried to distribute .
0 if you cherish your mental capacity then i beg of you , never ever watch this movie .
1 this is a romantic drama with many humorous undertones and a quick wit .
0 my vote is four .
1 i would so like to find this movie on tape or dvd .
0 this is a horrible movie .
1 james cagney is most impressive in an almost standard role , but covers an interesting level of emotion .
1 it 's not oscar material , but definitely entertaining .
0 i found this movie to be up there in my top 5 worst movies i 've seen .
1 a visual treat , and an enlightening insight into japan 's ancient civilisation .
0 all in all , another silly attempt on the part of the british to imitate hollywood pulp at its most rubbishy .
0 i took two of my kids to see this abomination the other day , and could n't wait to get out of the cinema .
1 it had all the elements good carpenter movies contain .
1 this was the first kungfu movie i ever purchased , as i was drawn to the cover and storyline .
0 i 've seen much worse on mst3k , let me assure you , but this is still a pretty crappy film .
1 this film contains the one ingredient that all revenge movies should have and that is true emotion .
1 the other reasons for me liking this picture are plenty .
0 the other highlight is being able to watch the continuing downward spiral of kelly mcgillis ' career , from `` top gun '' 20 years ago to this atrocity .
1 greystoke : the legend of tarzan , lord of the apes is a great classic that should be seen .
0 there is no point to this movie - we saw it all on the news 1000 times better .
1 janeway , archer 's adventures are completely different , yet strangely familiar ... the music is catchy too .
0 rosie perez has little knowledge about what it is like to be puerto rican .
1 the youth in us is a pitch-perfect gem .
1 in dark blue world , you really make a connection to all the characters .
0 the acting was so bad i rooted for the bear the entire time .
0 this film is so bad , i found myself trying to justify how bad it is by trying to think of it as kitsch or parody .
0 there is exactly one really good scene here involving morgan freeman , a cell phone and a stadium full of people .
0 boring , long , pretentious , repetitive , self-involved this move felt like a bad date .
1 when one thinks about this movie , one always returns to the cast and how well-suited they were for their roles .
0 the `` 3 joke game '' involves enduring the show for 3 jokes , and seeing if i find any one of them remotely funny .
0 the lines delivered were spoken as if the actors had no motivation for being there .
1 it is a true story , filmed on the original places in france , the ukraine and bulgaria .
1 very i liked watching this film when i was the child .
1 brings it all back .
0 basically its just a bad low budget horror movie .
0 not recommended , unless it 's for free on t.v .
0 i find myself absolutely puzzled by this mistake .
1 we must turn to the french to remember how satisfying , subtle and terrific a well-made film from that genre can be .
1 absolutely fantastic trash ... .this one has it all : nudity , good fight scenes , gore , action , explosions etc .
1 the mini-series i , claudius is one of the best epics on the roman empire one can ever encounter .
1 anyone else will like this film if they do n't mind watching quality entertainment rather than some three hour epic .
0 this film has the worst acting i 've ever seen .
0 in all fairness , i tend to be biased in favor of katharine hepburn , but this version of the film seems like cinematic plagiarism .
0 they go on at long length about conspiracies , and make many idiotic statements throughout , but never offer any new insights .
0 actually , the monkey hustle 's plot is a mish-mash of ideas that , unfortunately , never seem to hit their mark .
1 i have been wanting to see this movie again ever since i first saw it in college , 30 years ago .
1 all the inventions and mechanics in the film are very good designed .
0 it may be the worst movie of all time .
1 the gags spaced out in a way that gives maximum effect too , and harry gets his own version of a lloyd or keaton style stunt at the end .
0 the death of a single butterfly causing the tremendous changes in the world 's atmosphere and evolution is simply ridiculous .
1 `` tropical malady '' is a lush , beautifully directed love story from thailand that uses magic realism to spin a tale derived from eastern folk wisdom .
0 you feel cheated , especially if you were struggling to put the plots together .
0 avoid this like so many plagues , unless you want to see how truly bad a `` comedy '' can get .
0 as you can see from my synopsis , the story is a paltry , ill-conceived mess .
0 i mean , it looks cool the first time , but why continue to use the same image ?
1 this movie could be a bit boring for some people , but i find this film very interesting in terms of an attempt to reveal a tradition .
1 everyone will enjoy this film as they watch it , and then will think seriously about its consequences .
0 there were a few chuckles , but overall it was mostly me groaning .
1 it really brings you back to a unique time in american history .
0 you feel sorry for the cast as they try to extract comedy from a dire and lifeless script .
1 `` gloomy sunday '' delivers in all aspects of world cinema .
1 this is a subtle movie .
0 i do enjoy the novel and do n't believe that this lackluster movie does it justice .
1 this film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not .
0 overall , the story is childish , the dialog is juvenile and repetitive , the sets are pathetic , the acting is abysmal , and the special effects ugh !
1 this film really increased my respect for hunt as an actress .
1 but i consider seeing this movie time well spent and look forward to similar adventures in the future .
0 the child is indeed a very bad film and is very bad even for the standards of 70 's cheese if you will .
1 like his early masterpiece `` the elephant man '' lynch proves to his detractors that he can tell a straight , simple story without losing his artistic touch .
1 i saw this movie a couple of months ago on sbs on erotic tales and fortunately saw all of it .
1 you will have to suspend your sense of reality to enjoy this .
0 this is absolutely the worst trash i have ever seen .
0 this is not a film for the young there is no `` action , '' no `` romance , '' and little to make a viewer laugh out loud .
0 poor enemy ai .
0 the only great thing about this movie was the intro at the beginning and the theme of the movie .
0 you would expect a little more effort from fred williamson , but this one just ai n't happening .
1 brought back memories of `` ordinary people '' , but with humor mixed in with the tragedy .
1 first-rate rock ' n'roll road film .
0 he takes her crappy advice and lo and behold , he finds a suitcase crawling with fake id cards and wigs and guns and a crossbow .
1 this leads to the funniest scene in a film filled with humorous moments .
1 one really feels for him as the mystery of what past experience is intruding on the present and why unfolds .
1 it has it all .
1 if it is ever issued i will certainly buy it .
0 a very , very , very , very , very , very pathetic effort , with no redeeming features whatsoever .
1 the movie could have easily have spun out of control and ended up a total mess , but the movie actually works quite nicely .
0 do n't see this movie .
1 if you like lots of bugs , this movie is for you !
0 i 've seen a lot of seagal movies , and while most are n't great , or even good , this steamy pile lowered the bar for bad movies .
1 i am truly touched .
1 even a grandmother and school teacher can appreciate artists who are able to turn their ideas into reality .
0 the actors seemed to think they needed to over act like cartoon characters in a cartoon movie .
0 do n't even waste a rental on this dreck !
0 do n't waste your time .
0 perhaps , had she been given a character worth bothering with , and a modicum of direction , she at least might have given this film one redeeming feature .
1 in my opinion , superman and the mole men is a very intelligent , well-written and well-acted movie .
1 although this was not without its faults , this drama was a fitting one to be shown around easter time .
0 this left an inconclusive ending , but there 's nothing to think about and there 's no place for a sequel .
0 the script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic .
1 truly a comedy classic .
1 the two experience sadness and hardship as they go about their date .
0 it was a question of vidor trying to out do cecil b. demille in biblical spectacle .
1 no stand-out moments , bland , but it moved along without boring me .
0 recently hostel made the headlines for showing snuff movie making in a foreign country , but this film did it first and actually does a better job .
0 this package is a hodgepodge of b movies and old classics .
1 he is n't really one dimensional , the kid has feelings .
0 the pacing was off , with some of the character development slots getting little to no screen time .
0 to much has already been said by me and i feel as if i 'm wasting my time writing this ...
0 this kind of documentary should be illegal , it is a stabbing on all christians and catholics they should be behind bars ! ! !
0 why did i waste ninety minutes of my life on this piece of crap ?
0 the movie just ... stops .
1 there 's a sweet naivety about the films perspective , caught up in the era in which is was released .
0 however , the surrounding of the love story is too lyric , graphical and unrealistic .
1 here we make the distinction , art can be entertaining , but it 's also thought provoking and moves you in hidden ways .
1 the viewer must watch this movie for what it is ... not for what it is not .
1 shearer even shows off her piano expertise in a musical brevity .
0 i am a big fan of nicholas cage and havent really seen a bad ridley scott movie but i actually ended up switching this off half way through .
1 he is certainly someone to watch out for over his career , i believe he will do great things .
1 you 're left amazed and entertained in equal measures .
0 i agree that the sub-plots of the president and his wife , staff , drug addictions and family members did not add to the presentation of this predictable storyline .
1 overall i give it 8.5 stars .
1 i highly recommend this great drama to everyone who desire to know the truth .
0 ultimately , this film suffers from both poor production values and lack of attention to the most basic standards of journalism .
1 gish is sensational in this role ; she holds her own in verbal sparring with the always skillful jon voight .
0 god , i never felt so insulted in my whole life than with this crap .
0 the fx are not even worth discussing .
0 if you vote , give it a one - it truly deserves the recognition of being one of the worst movies ever .
1 anyway , this film really struck me as one of the more raw , realistic , beautiful friendship films .
1 not to mention the moment in winchester when he is beaten up early in the hotel room , also as well as anybody ever did it .
1 i saw it first twenty years ago , and it haunted me ever since ; i try to watch it once every couple of years .
1 dunne is terrified of bathing the child for fear of drowning her , and we really feel for her and understand her fear .
0 this film 's ending was by far the biggest slap in the face of the horror genre .
0 see one of the other versions of this story instead .
0 it 's just like the one weird and bad , silly sequence after the other , without really making a click .
1 most of the time , eastwood 's characters reveal themselves through their silences , and it 's particularly true here .
1 these two guys are pretty standard villains for westerns , but they play it with style .
0 the odd gag raises a smile , but underdog 's human sidekicks are as dull as the predictable storyline .
0 this is not a cool indie movie , no matter how many times the bought and paid for hype team say it is .
0 some good sfx adds a point up to 2 from 10 points .
1 i wish you well , thank you both for your service to trek .
0 overall its mediocre with some good laughs to be had but often it can be fairly mediocre .
0 the entire thing is shot in black and white , the acting is supremely sub-par , the camera work is crap .
1 i have seen and read all that is sharpe and can honestly say that this is one of the best sharpe films .
1 all in all this is an amazing independent film .
1 but after realizing that she can not leave jack , rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with jack in the ship 's first class staircase .
1 trust me , it 's just a fun movie and it 's not offensive in any way .
0 please , whatever you do , do not see this movie .
0 the movie 's premise is ridiculous and its portrayal of the `` spy game '' is preposterous .
0 the only good thing about this western is the acting .
1 but it 's undeniably one of the best action movies ever made , and it just might well be the perfect modern action film .
1 the one thing i hope is that people take the time to get this dvd and give it a chance .
0 it 's a disgrace and i 'm deeply sorry i wasted an hour and a half watching the mess .
1 an ending that will not only blow your mind but your concept of what 's right and wrong in the world !
0 `` nacho libre '' just does not work .
1 a classic that need to come to amc instead of those stupid boring movies they keep showing .
0 even the couple of times he could have been funny , you felt as if he were afraid to let go because he was in a family movie .
1 as i said , dark city keeps drawing me back .
1 although clearly made on a low budget , this movie still has the power to shock , albeit mildly .
0 frankly , it 's insulting that it received any kind of release and that anyone has to be tricked into suffering through someone else 's home movie .
0 dubious cinematography .
0 this vicious little film is horrendous .
0 okay , i am a fan of the nightmare series and everyone says on here that this is the worst !
0 oh , if you have to watch this , be sure to look for all the lifted pieces of footage from other films and the last l.a. riots .
0 abysmal !
0 1 ) terrible music sung by a guy with a terrible voice .
1 a family with a 60 year old business is hit with many changes , and the film loving deals with how the patriarch handles these problems .
0 actually i myself have made better films than this one .
0 except for the few titillating aspects which always seems to make boring things worthwhile , seeing creepshow 2 at a theater was basically a waste of money and time .
1 owen is honest with her , a factor that does not chase her away , but both part ways to other parts of the world .
1 surprisingly it achieved this and more through the course of the film and the subtle story was cleverly revealed bit by bit .
1 still funny after all these years .
1 when one reads `` deliverance '' , one is instantly transported into the lush backwoods of the deep south .
1 the roles of the children are cast with uniform perfection , and tilda swinton is outstandingly ruthless white witch .
1 with stunning performances from both bell and heche as the daughter and mother duo the film has real edge .
1 the movie the oscar comes to mind , most of sylvester stallone 's movies .
1 jacqueline bisset is just wonderful .
0 save time by not watching this movie .
1 both pictures are marvelous , and the casting matches each other step by step except for the detective .
1 it is amazing how much he throws himself in each of the characters he plays making them real .
1 for fans of tex avery and mgm cartoons , this one is essential viewing .
1 it will do what all great movies do ; make you laugh , cry , and think .
1 the decor is overwhelming ... james horner 's music intensifies the emotions ...
1 it 's one you could show to your 10 year old daughter but enjoy it yourself too .
1 this movie is not for everyone .
0 reason not to : you wo n't miss a thing , feel like waste of electricity watching it .
1 this is one of many questions you will ask yourself as you ride the roller-coaster of emotions this film provides .
1 it 's a pity that it did n't stay true to this pilot ; it could have been another `` twilight zone . ''
0 looking on as the director attempts to make the marsh land of quebec pass off as southern u.s. bayou land is sad , i tell ya !
0 i think i would rather watch orca for 72 hours then watch this again .
1 the characters are well drawn , with phil the biggest loser of all time .
0 this film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story .
1 this film is proof that by just combining two of my favorite stars with the writing of neil simon , is not necessarily a guarantee of success .
0 one saving grace is that the movie does not take itself seriously as a horror film and is mostly parody .
1 this is one of the greatest documentaries i 've ever seen along with `` dark days '' .
0 the movie is atrocious on so many levels and i 'm not even talking about the story or presentation .
0 the film is not a total success - the action jumps at times unconvincingly .
1 johnson steals the film with his horse riding skills and it 's nice to see an actor doing his own stunts like ben does in this movie .
1 contrary to several writers who have criticized the mixture of modern and period music in this film , i enjoyed the musical soundtrack to this film .
0 that 's about all i could take and i turned it off .
0 the story itself is routine : a boy runs away from home and ends up in a struggling music school for kids .
0 of all my experience of tom clancy 's work , this is the worst and most disappointing example i have ever encountered .
0 all of this with no real thread to suggest an attempt at a spoof by genre , period or any common vein is plain annoying .
1 watch it with your teenage daughter and prepare to be laughed at for months .
0 the acting was also atrocious , even from more accomplished actors like billy dee williams and stacey keach .
0 absolutely terrible !
1 lupino gives a sympathetic portrayal , though she 's slightly miscast .
0 this cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with .
0 all of them tried to sell their parts , but all were so poorly written that it was a constant struggle .
0 mainly because of the sadie and ben character , there a little bit funny in the beginning , but there humor just quickly vanishes .
0 she freak is incredibly boring & features long sequences that are totally pointless , there is lots of footage of the carnival with awful music playing in the background .
1 it 's a striking film , set in italy somewhere around the 15th century .
1 it is what one should expect from a man like danny boyle .
0 it was so horrible it was almost like an accident scene where you want to look away but you just ca n't make yourself .
0 do n't waste your time on this ; it 's not even worth satisfying your curiosity .
0 it 's this relentless scraping for the lowest common denominator of laughs that drags behind down into the depths .
1 theresa russell might seem too glamorous as ma , but she has some very good moments .
0 all these elements contributed a certain air of detachment between the audience and his character , which seriously brought down the film .
0 i was bored and so i looked through the movies and found air bud barely used on our shelf .
1 agent under fire is the best 1st person shoot i 've ever played !
0 do n't buy this movie !
0 the basic story is perhaps not even that bad , but the way it is filmed it seems like the most laughable plot ever .
1 and the hugely enjoyable chemistry between partners pacino and john goodman .
1 the style is colourful and imaginative and there is constant action to move the story along .
0 the story , what there is , is so simplistic and predictable , it makes `` jury duty '' seem like `` gone with the wind '' .
0 the entertainment value is practically nil .
1 all in all , this is one of my most treasured films .
0 the only accurate portrayal in this movie was that of davis leroy .
1 it is a must .
1 as the clock ticks away on michael 's chances of survival we learn even more about the origins of the evil icon and how his plans were initially made .
0 there was no suspense and they do n't explain about the new dinosaurs !
1 i am looking forward to the sequel to this film in 2004 and if you have viewed this film , you will feel the same way .
1 as a psychiatrist specialized in trauma , i find this film a beautiful shown example of a severe psychic trauma , even a trauma .
1 i love how she controls everyone in the film , even those who are trying to be her enemies .
0 when they were poor all he could do was make the pictures watchable : he could n't make them good .
1 a half dozen were internationally acclaimed , like this one , at important world film festivals .
1 several holes appeared in the picture , but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing .
1 a movie that made non-fans fans , take it or leave it .
1 yes , i am a romantic of sorts who likes musicals and comedy and this fit the bill !
1 taking no chances with their huge budget columbia packed this thing with tons of action and every western movie element but indians and covered wagons .
0 first , there is no brooding male narration , as one might expect from their typical film noir .
0 well the reason for seeing it in the cinema was that it was a sneak preview , else i would never have seen this terrible teenage slasher movie .
1 the film is presented in a non linear time , with multiple flashbacks of luzhin 's childhood .
1 real names are used and the gruesome events are depicted as they occurred .
0 most of the group is killed in various horrible and ridiculous ways .
0 nine months is a very poor excuse for a comedy .
0 i liked the hawk , the costumes , even some of the fight scenes , but overall this was dull as dirt .
0 the essence of the animated series was completely lost in this movie .
0 it is worst than dreadful .
0 however , what bothers me so much about this film , is how unlikable practically all of the characters are .
1 when one watches john boorman 's film version of the book , one realizes just how accurately he captures the essence of the book .
0 none of the new actors seemed to fit into the characterizations created by their predecessors .
1 but the more i think about the film , the more the subtle meanings haunt me .
1 i was never really sure if it was supernatural or psychological , but as it reveals ... wow , its excellent .
1 i would recommend it to anyone who wants to know something about czech pilots during 2nd world war and their life after the war , in communism .
1 satyricon is less a movie and more a series of complex images and actions .
1 preston tucker was a man with a dream .
1 plus , i 'm a huge fan of stellan skarsgard , and in true fashion he gives a great performance , despite the often ridiculous content of the film .
1 le cercle rouge is , in my view , a classic film for people who may secretly enjoy the adventure of just missing the last bus home .
0 the actors are obviously struggling to be funny and are probably cringing when they hit those awful punchlines .
1 it 's just such a joy to have watched this intriguing project .
1 according to the director , steven soderbergh , the movie concentrates on the love george clooney 's character feels for his dead wife .
1 there is so much to be said about savior , and it is a must see for any international audience .
0 she can act , but does n't get a chance in this clunker .
1 seeing his son almost completely tribal is interesting not to mention the viewer getting a glimpse into a unique culture of people and their ways of living .
0 however , i came close to switching this mess off more than once .
1 this has just been broadcast on bbc and i am absolutely delighted to have seen it .
1 stewart and day have a good chemistry together .
0 `` django the bastard '' might have a cool sounding name , but it does n't have much else to offer .
1 i give this film 7 out of 10 mainly because the kids loved it so much .
0 i am chinese myself and this film is just embarrassing .
0 `` do n't bother to watch this film '' would be better advice , if you like marilyn monroe in her other roles .
0 on and on the movie drags with the pointless interaction between the two little girls , with many a dramatic cut away as they pose `` shocking '' questions .
0 i found the film , at times quite atmospheric and moody , but the ending is sh ! t .
1 but it really was a worth while watch .
1 the score is just amazing -- by far sondheim 's best , and probably one of the best scores written for a musical ever .
1 well worth watching .
0 the lady to me seems a self indulged person and i frankly got annoyed at her portrait of trying to raise pity and `` feel '' for her .
1 i have to admit that i did not really enjoy wrong turn it was intense and well made .
1 not only that , but thankfully michael kidd 's original athletic choreography from broadway has been captured for posterity .
1 nonetheless , it 's worth seeing , especially if you can catch in letterboxed .
0 apparently , what christmas means to hollywood is getting as much of our leftover christmas shopping money as they can .
1 i think i can even say it 's become my favorite movie ever , even .
0 al adamson might just have been the worst film director in history .
1 i 've watched this movie several times and am ready for another sequel .
1 get yourself ready for something different and you might not be disappointed .
1 each is different to another , and will offer something to everyone .
1 the mystery is well mounted , well played and well written , with lots of condescension coming from the upper classes .
1 you do n't review james bond movies , you evaluate them , rate them according to how well they meet expectations .
1 i finally tracked this movie down on dvd on ebay , and in spite of the negative reviews on imdb , i really enjoyed it .
1 also miles o'keeffe performance make this a campy one .
1 i definitely recommend this movie to anybody who wants to see a good greek movie .
0 the editing is painfully bad , with scene cuts that make no sense .
0 she reacts as if nearly vomiting and the shock diminishes as these instances are repeated like a series of bloody pranks .
0 otherwise , put some more bucks , and watch the original .
0 i 'd like to spit in the directors ' faces for being such hacks and somehow getting a bunch of moronic fans to back their lazy garbage .
0 to make matters worse we have had approximately 100 white screeching ghost chicks with black hair asian horror films since the first one .
1 over the top or not this film flows like clockwork and the action just keeps coming .
0 i finally got to have a look at this experimental lynch short after waiting for so long ... .and unfortunately , it was n't worth it !
1 something tells me this will not be a 'classic ' for the entire family to gather around and watch together - year after year .
0 it 's not worth being watched , as long as you have to much empty time !
0 and it was n't even bad in a funny way , but simply bad in an extremely painful way .
1 a poignant yet everlasting drama of love and the power of compassion and humanity .
0 the acting was horrible on behalf of every main character .
0 do not watch this movie .
1 i managed to catch an early showing and i have to say this is the best christian film to hit theaters since the passion .
1 but through it all , he never loses his aplomb , which is derived from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th overall .
0 the woman who plays tracey looks hideous .
0 my 3-d animation teacher told me never to copy directly from real life as the actual animation ends up looking `` dead '' .
1 its probably one of the most underrated movies on imdb and it makes me sick how some people who did n't even get the plot talk sh*t about it !
0 he appears in the best scene in this positively dreadful and near unwatchable crime drama about a dragon lady who controls the local syndicate .
1 moving sherlock holmes to the 1940s sounded like a stupid idea but it does work for one reason -- basil rathbone .
0 i 'm really sorry but that movie is a certain ' 1 ' or ' 0 ' if that existed .
1 now the design , the whole art deco look is just spectacular to look at and sometimes you can lose yourself just in the visuals .
1 this , i believe , is its real strength .
1 the film is sentimental , and the last ten minutes could have been cut , but it was wonderfully entertaining .
1 that coupled with a great script makes this movie a must .
0 overall , outlaw is one of the poorer examples of the conan `` inspired '' rip-off i 've seen recently .
1 the performances by the leads are perfection , and even some supporting characters get strong emotional scenes .
0 were they that in need of money or narcissistic that they 'd agree to be in films even if they are just plain awful ?
0 first , a word of caution .
1 the three storyline threads given us by kazan each have their unique and separate pleasures .
1 above all this show was about two good old boys against the corrupt system .
1 i love this movie , makes me cry from the second i start watching .
1 the few episodes i 've caught since then do n't seem to have made significant changes .
0 ok , i am really into king 's stuff , but this is just dreadful .
1 mel gibson took full advantage of an opportunity to bring this culture in the spotlight .
0 the dialogue is infantile , the plot ridiculous if you have n't seen it , please do n't !
0 absolute twaddle - walt disney did that in the 1930s .
0 5 ) just because you have someone who knows how to use after effects and other cool programs does n't mean he should do so every two seconds .
1 as rukh 's wife , frances drake is extremely effective , truly helping her character to become more than a damsel in distress .
1 i can not believe i never noticed that before , that is hilarious .
0 even further , two of his compositions - computer blue and darling nikki - are shown as being songs that kill off an audience .
1 i 'm not sure a film like this could be made today .
1 it is dusty outback buffoonery and well made .
1 at its most ambitious , `` rachel and the stranger '' is an allegorical story about the impact of a catalyst into a seemingly stable dynamic .
0 verdict : 0 out of 4 .
1 so , while it starts out like a cheap horror film , it evolves into a beautiful and wonderful fantasy film .
0 undersea kingdom must rank at the very bottom of the cliffhanger serials .
0 the movies special effects were alright , with the nun being able to travel through water .
0 john hodiak played his role ok , but the script let him , and the rest of the cast , down very badly .
0 this game 's story has very little to do with vampires .
0 what a terrible gross ! ! ..
0 on another note , they need their asses kicked for writing , producing and distributing this hatred masked as `` creativity '' or `` comedy '' .
0 scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile .
1 acting was good , action was good , plot was ok. go see it .
0 this had to be the worst wesley snipes flick of all time .
0 i have n't made a comment on imdb before but i hated this film so much i literally had to come and warn others .
0 except for the glossy look , this show had little to recommend it .
1 not to mention joe dante 's wacky inventiveness in his direction makes innerspace is fun film for a very fun-loving audience .
1 demi moore has also an inspired acting , in the role of a mother in a dilemma between telling a secret and hiding the truth .
1 the scenery is magnificent and the cast is first rate .
1 viewing wise if you like linkin park its worth a watch if your not a linkin park fan its probably not for you .
1 just do n't expect high art and you wo n't be disappointed .
0 that is not how real people behave , this is not how best pals behave .
0 tokyo deserves better than this - and it 's had godzilla to contend with ...
1 for that alone , i rate this film a 10 !
0 i ca n't begin to describe how mediocre the film is , it has so many wretched traits .
0 there is no doubt that this is one of the worst pieces of trash i have ever seen .
1 a bold and courageous man , standing against the evils of modern society .
0 but i had such a hard time sitting through this one that i could not enjoy her fine performance .
1 this episode was funny and just shocking .
1 a one of a kind film .
0 this was release during the decline of italian zombie movies and i personally believe this movie killed the italian zombie scene .
0 the dancing was stilted , unmotivated and unoriginal , the songs forgettable , the story a joke .
0 but instead they waste far too much time on gratuitous battle scenes , poorly edited together .
1 beautiful from start to finish , it is far from an easy watch , but it is well worth the effort .
0 it 's like a nightmare of watching a bad abbott & costello film , only worse .
1 not their being gay , but their being the distinct individuals they are , who are two of the strangest movie creations ever to inhabit my tv set .
1 the movie could easily have been just another bland melodrama , but these themes provide a refreshing and unexpected counterpoint .
1 i have a thing for old black and white movies of this kind , movies by will hay and abbot & costello especially as those are my favourites .
0 one of the most laughable parts of the movie was when they were held up in an abandoned building .
0 her make up is seriously inaccurate as well as most of her gestures as the empress .
1 these locations are n't just there , there are several things happening there as well .
0 i was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nails than watching this mess .
0 only fun if you 're a true fan of the looney tunes i guess ... 4/10 .
1 i found myself in awe with kelly lin 's portrayal of the innocent girl .
0 being a tomboy , i absolutely hate it when women in movies have no personality and are just added in as a love interest .
1 the performances were very good by all the principals , but that of louise brooks is especially memorable .
0 if it was n't for the good looking south pacific female guide on the island the movie would have been a total loss .
1 the most fun playing cat and mouse at the movies in years .
1 strangely underrated and unknown film , possibly in the shadow of a lot of the angry young men films that came out in that era .
1 in the man who knew too much , jimmy stewart throws himself vigorously into his role as always .
1 hilarious .
1 is a serious movie but all the layers around it make it a very fun one that is filled with some good laughs .
0 she 's simply not a very good actress , and she 's not even a very good dancer .
1 `` mortal thoughts '' is well acted and keeps your attention throughout .
1 i sometimes wonder if indian movie industry would be better if this movie had not come .
1 though the character seems to be a supporting role at first , as the feature rolls on he becomes more central to the storyline and therefore much more effective .
1 mcelwee has done many other similar works , some more deeply moving -- the one about his father the doctor , for instance .
0 the visual creatures we are , chances are you 're thinking about or or maybe you 're getting nothing from these choices .
1 bill freed and damian lee , who wrote the screenplay , are just as much artists as koontz is .
1 all in all a good film and it makes a change to see a good slasher movie that actually scares
0 the only access is a bridge connecting the island to the nearest city which happens to be montreal .
0 john hodiak played his role ok , but the script let him , and the rest of the cast , down very badly .
0 the plot is ridiculous , there are only 2 characters , and the coincidences between these characters just completely strain belief .
0 the cinematography and editing and so on are n't incompetent , but the acting and story are pretty lifeless .
0 if you enjoy the grit , pathos and dark , quirky comedy of almodovar 's movies , you 'll find none of them here .
0 and while the photography may be pretty , there is no grit to the harsh reality of living in the wilds .
1 this is a dark , sombre film but one of high quality and great emotional power .
1 robin hood , elizabeth and essex , they died with their boots on -- add these to this movie , and you have a great combination .
0 just take my advice , do n't even watch this movie .
1 you simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech , the slow deliberate action , everything being exactly in place .
0 the entire project seems to be handled in a very heavy-handed manner .
1 i think this is kurt russell 's best movie .
0 the bad : 1 .
0 do n't really know where to start with one of the worst films i have had the displeasure to watch in a very long time .
1 it is a film that captures the horrors and cruelty of war and the ruthlessness of the players on and off the battlefield .
0 pretty standard film all in all that really has not much new to offer ...
0 never before have i been so disappointed in a film from this era .
0 this film also dragged and the 74 minutes seemed long .
0 also the supporting cast is wasted and at two hours the movie is just plain dull .
1 i could watch it over and over .
1 this movie was definitely scripted with ff vii fans only in mind .
1 secondly , it is an interesting historical snapshot of the late 70 's new york punk scene and the grimy streets of the city at that time .
1 this is one of the most beautiful and refreshing films that i have seen in some time .
1 the line between madness and normalcy is a thin one indeed and there are many disturbing lessons to be gained from watching this small but well-done film .
0 `` do n't bother to watch this film '' would be better advice , if you like marilyn monroe in her other roles .
1 great movie of the great superstar .
1 my family were n't too keen on him but after seeing this film my family are very impressed with him .
1 the mix of scientist , alternative lifestyle , street smarts and just a touch of naiveté .
1 probably the best film i have seen so far this year .
1 writer-director paul thomas anderson 's story about a porn star is told with style , grace , humor , even poignancy .
0 the film has all the elements in place for campy fun , but becomes a bore instead .
0 at least singleton could have had the dignity to speak out that his film was homage to cooley high , but no , he never said a word .
0 she 's a good actress , sure , but she has very modern features and does not appear convincing in period costume .
0 first of all , what delta force unit employs women ?
1 this is an excellent movie that stands up well through the years .
0 he does not seem to have any talent of his own .
1 all of the characters are interesting & well flesh out so we actually care for them which helps the film enormously .
0 another problem is the settings and time frame .
1 the fantastic suspense that follows is unmatched by almost any psychological horror film .
1 this was one of my favorite war movies whenever it came on tv as i was growing up .
1 griffith is the most important director in the history of american films .
0 all others , beware .
0 now , i will begin by noting that , for me , there are essentially 3 facets to evaluating a `` christie film '' -- 1 .
1 a good , solid film , all in all .
0 near the beginning there a few creepy scenes and i will admit there were some good moments that i enjoyed but that not enough to save it .
1 the thing i enjoyed most was being able to watch this with my whole family and not cringe waiting for a stupid toilet humor joke to appear .
0 it barely made any sense , and was quite difficult to keep track of what was going on .
1 not too heavy handed as drug fables are want to be , and all in all a pretty realistic sketch of the family dynamics that drug problems bring about .
0 there must be a lot of mental disease floating around the film circles , who look for ways to market this type of junk .
1 overall , it is a highly recommended movie to watch and i ca n't wait for his next film .
0 sterling hayden is as always sterling hayden , not much of a surprise there .
0 the scripting is atrociously simple-minded and insulting ; it sounds like a high schooler wrote the dialogue because it lacks depth , maturity , and realism .
1 it shows you how the guerrilla war worked , how the rules of command were and how insistent they were on winning the battle .
1 good show , and underrated movie , all around .
0 if any one character dominates the story the whole play collapses .
1 kim novak is always a pleasure on screen , but i found her pairing with james stewart unusual .
0 when luther steals the boyfriends motorbike the movie takes a turn for the worse .
1 i highly recommend this film to action fans , for its hilarious scenes and fast-paced action .
0 i do n't know why , but when i am asked about bad movies i have seen , i often think of `` the air up there '' .
0 this grotesque excuse for cinema is slop from the word go and that 's all there is to it .
1 the other being carl reiner 's `` the one and only '' , which paramount has sat on since the early 80 's as well ...
0 i would rather pluck out my eyes with a wooden spoon than watch any more of this horrid , waste of time movie .
1 the last moments of this criminal is one of the most gripping sequences in any film , past , or present .
0 i absolutely do n't wan na hear terms like `` art cinema '' , this is just wasted money .
0 first of all , the camera angles were horrible .
0 it was a great shame to see great actors content with accepting performance mania in lieu of characters .
0 i usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there 's really not much to talk of .
0 save your time or you 'll just be wasting your time and money on this film .
1 nevertheless , thanks to good writing and excellent acting , crossfire remains a persuasive examination of what we would now call a hate crime .
0 a women 's falling down , not bloody likely .
1 this visually impressive and imaginative movie is probably jeunet 's best .
1 mr. scorcese does masterful camera work and evokes loving performances from all the performers , and yet i felt something staid and almost too respectful .
0 i guess i 'm a fan of the genre , but i can tell you i wo n't be paying more than 5 bucks for any of them .
1 i was n't just drawn into the main characters in those films - who did incredible jobs - but to those around them as well .
0 bad chemistry coupled with predictable lines round off a wasted wait in line at redbox .
1 grab a copy , laugh yourself silly , learn the lines ... . why she did n't win the best actress oscar for this role is beyond me .
1 christopher guest has a true eye for the humor inherent in those who have no sense of humor about themselves .
1 when you do n't want series with heavy stories or a must to watch every single episode to be able to hang on .
1 i do n't think everyone will enjoy this movie , but i certainly did .
0 the bottom line is that this is an absolutely dreadful film that sane people wo n't like .
1 the series really hit home for us as our family was precisely like the families you see in the series .
0 i am aware that tastes are very different , but in my opinion this is one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time .
0 his macbeth is the worst i have ever seen .
1 scott , field and bondi give heartfelt performances , with bondi a bit over-the-top as granny .
1 `` as good as it gets '' is a must see !
0 filmed in what looks like one house , one restaurant & a lab the film has no variety either & just looks cheap throughout .
1 i 've never been much of a dorsey fan , but the music is good even today .
1 richard dreyfus and raoul julia are wonderful together and although the movie amuses me greatly , it reminds me of julia 's untimely demise .
0 the plot , seemed to go no where .
0 since the actor is not handsome , nor charismatic nor charming , the character is left wholly unbelievable .
0 currently , this film is listed on imdb as the 42nd worst film ever made -- which is exactly why i rented it from netflix .
0 the script was full of cliché and all around bad dialog .
0 alas , it was not to be , and i have little to say in this film 's favor .
0 apparently , tom cruise was scheduled to star , but there was a scheduling conflict .
0 i have just seen this movie and i and have to talk to steven about this , steven this is the worst action movie i have ever seen .
0 four hours of simply bashing on the nazi 's ... . c'mon !
0 camilla belle gives one of the worst performances i have ever seen and throughout the whole movie , she seemed to be reading her lines .
0 you might say excellent or fantastic , but those words would not do it any justice .
0 adults and teens will probably not be pleased with the humor since it 's very obvious and stupid .
1 so : it ai n't no classic , but it certainly is worth watching .
0 this is not a very good movie and i do n't recommend it for those of you who are n't dedicated andrew walker fans .
0 it was if she was forcing her lines and forcing herself to tolerate being in this role and even being around baldwin .
1 now i paid more attention on the details of the plot , trying to identify flaws in the screenplay , but the story is very tight .
0 i never believed i would be saying this about one of depalma 's movies , but here it goes : the is the worst movie he has ever made .
0 timmy 's parents are awful characters , who do n't give a toss about their son , and their personalities wear well thin .
1 i advice all of you not to miss this movie ...
1 nowhere is an exceptional , wild and trippy ride .
1 what makes this movie stay with me is that the jean reno character is not only an inspired chef , he is all sensuality when he eats .
0 the movie starts off well enough , and then tries miserably to develop the characters and make us care for them .
0 hopeless .
0 unfortunately , she 's just as talentless as the rest of `` snl 's '' current cast , and does nothing to breathe life into this comatose flick .
1 the actors that comprise the congregation are all so full of life that it makes one wonder if they are acting at all .
1 this is so much better than buffy , the vampire slayer .
1 in the same vein as movies like daryl , or finding neverland , it does not rely cheap gimmicks .
0 dear lord , save us from the same set of stereotypes yet again -- even more crudely and lazily fashioned than they usually are .
1 henry hathaway did a real good work with this film , very good for all ages , but more for children .
0 i bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining , if it was n't horror then at least it would be funny right ?
0 i 've seen many films considered the worst , but never was the acting this unconvincing and bad .
0 we normally can get through even the worst of movies but had to put this one on the shelf .
1 it 's a top-notch road comedy with field and jones overcoming the obvious sentimentality of the overall conception and making a memorable duo .
0 avoid this dross .
1 everyone will love the 40 year-old virgin this summer and i encourage everyone to see it as fast as humanly possible .
1 and thornton 's role as a character who is both sophisticated and down-to-earth is a perfect match for the actor .
0 he 's also the one that earned the show a one-star rating .
0 the cgi falls flat on its face making the films action sequences loose credibility .
1 most of all , i love that all of the characters are allowed their humanity and dignity .
1 highly recommended !
0 now this piece of trash holds that title ; in fact it 's the only movies i 've voted a `` 1 . ''
0 made for tv should not be a synonym for : `` sure , let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms !
0 what 's that dennis rodman a bad actor ?
0 i had to give the film a 3 .
1 great family fun to have in you 're collection , but like i said its no goonies but it 's a good film in its own right .
0 i do not recommend this film unless you are desperate for something to watch , and this is the only movie left at blockbuster .
0 i give it 3 ; at least he is giving this some thought .
1 she starts with bang , then she does brave circus poses on a horse high up in the sky , she does everything she can to entertain you .
0 i do n't ask that a romantic comedy be high art , but this was barely a romantic comedy at all .
0 also the random transition to news casts and random pause and written random stupid latino facts .
1 this is a weird film that showcases what waters likes to do best .
0 it 's almost like watching a dog fight as one tries to cheat the others or be mean and nasty , and not for comedic effect either .
1 after having watched this film , i now have a favorite joan crawford movie .
1 if you ever felt like a square peg being forced into a round slot , i really believe you 'll appreciate `` by hook or by crook '' .
0 jack frost 2 was a horrible , terrible , sadly pathetic excuse for a sequal to a great movie .
1 writer and director griffiths evidently has further ambitions in both areas , and this multiple award-winning 15-minute short is a fine beginning to her reel .
1 you will not be disappointed .
0 you do n't have to be a kid to like a peanuts cartoon , so i do n't think i am being unfair calling this horribly unfunny .
0 second , the direction .
0 i am a big science fiction fan but it is hard to find any redeeming quality in this film .
1 it might be cheesy but i thought it was a lot better than the kong remake that came out in the theaters a year before .
1 gives as realistic a depiction of the conditions of war and the tremendous work of the nurses who served .
1 the styles and fashions of the 1940s fail to get in the way of the story which seems just as real today as it was back then .
1 i give it a 9 out of 10
1 i really liked this film because it was moving and sweet .
0 i 'm an absolute rabid hammer horror fan , and this little movie comes nowhere near their great quality .
0 but seriously , to put it in a nutshell , the special effects were as lame as casey sharpe .
1 when i get older i am definitely going to buy it so that my children can watch it just as i did .
1 this is a heart-felt tale about someone who is on a seemingly hopeless journey .
0 the only interesting thing was a pointless courtroom scene with rob reiner jr. .
1 the characters are fully realized , and the portrayals are fantastic .
0 jamie-lynn and robert davi were completely upstaged by this up and coming future superstar .
0 the characters are thin , unbelievable , two dimensional copies of the flawed but warm and likeable characters in the original series .
0 i saw it for free , showtime or hbo and still feel i paid too much .
0 might be a cute family film to some but it 's my biggest movie disappointment of the year .
1 the movie is loads of fun .
0 i 'd recommend any film student should watch this flick so as to learn how not to produce a film .
0 no idea what he was the general of , aside of generally confusing and misplaced .
0 the lead actress i did n't mind very much , but even she acted badly in some scenes and overplayed her sensuality in unneeded way .
0 see this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless , dull , repetitive material .
0 actually , there are so many bad parts , i ca n't make up my mind which is the worst .
1 one of the best films i have seen in the past five years !
0 this film is a gratuitous waste of time that has nothing like the intensity of henry : portrait of a serial killer .
1 a real find , considering it was made in 1972 and will soon celebrate its 30th anniversary .
0 show the kids wizard of oz , or any other kids movie made by professionals .
0 best stupid line : standing in a room full of computers .
0 the walrus and penguin were unneeded , and after a while , you just start to resent everyone .
0 all the horror i see now seems to be aimed at teens - and its boring !
1 all in all , i had a hell of a time watching this and i would go and see it again soon and i will buy it on dvd .
0 do not bother renting it much less purchasing it , even if it is in the $ 1 dvd bin .
1 if you like all the genres that i listed ... then you must see this movie !
1 truly legendary performances by truly legendary performers .
0 this film is just one banal art-house cliche after another .
0 easily one of the worst films ever made and one which ignores the magic of the first movie .
0 the half with the down 's syndrome actors also features many many killed snails .
0 he brings nothing to the screen .
0 if you 're looking for a masterpiece , this is n't it .
1 entirely believable .
1 i think that those who have n't `` gotten '' bunuel yet might want to see this one .
0 he only directed 2 and `` black gold '' was one , .
1 he has real chemistry with both binoche and wright penn .
0 i tried to get into it twice before i finally forced myself to watch it all the way through .
0 quite simply , if you 're entertaining the idea of watching this film ... do n't .
0 kathy ireland is a nerd who wo n't do anything or go anywhere .
1 this is the perfect movie for those of you looking for a hard time and a rocking musical .
1 things change when christy grows older because he has a young boy 's desires and emotions .
1 although in the end it 's a bit simplistic it does have an undeniable poetry in it that is in the league of the director 's finest work .
1 though bruce is not at his best as far as sustaining the notes the other players are spot on .
0 as is the case whenever two people fall in love , masturbating woman returns to the villa for a nap while aristocrat continues wandering aimlessly across the beach .
0 after visiting this movie at a later point in my life i realized how bad this really was .
0 this disgusted me , but most likely it was because this was an affront to my highest held beliefs .
1 highly recommended .
0 generally , i have nothing to say about this show except : lame , lame , and lame .
1 i found all the performances top notch and thought it to be tremendously unique , wildly creative , and spellbinding .
0 the other monsters are even more cartoonish , and even less scary .
0 the people who made this atrocity should compensate viewers for the time lost watching it .
0 tired voices , tired actors and bored characters and situations .
0 this film is stupid and childish - and will send all the wrong messages to the usa about us brits .
0 he used to be funny but has gotten way less funny since leaving this hour has 22 minutes and that show is also not funny at all any more .
0 if you like blood and guts try it , but i 'd steer clear .
1 how can we get someone to put this excellent movie onto dvd ?
0 this film is of the type that is supposed to be a horror and yet it makes you laugh and cringe at how bad it is .
0 now , i am a fan of the classic old postwar b & w flicks , but this one ultimately falls flat .
1 how the writers managed to do every episode so well and make it different from each over a course of 7 seasons is beyond me .
0 i would n't waste your time on this one .
0 this is a hammer production which means that whoever made this movie should be struck with a hammer , several times if possible - and where it most hurts .
0 if you do last any longer you 'll find totally unexplained plot details , such as , why the hell are vampires robbing a bank with humans ?
0 this incestuous group of neighbors makes my flesh crawl .
1 i 'm pleased to say that viewing it again it is as good as i remember it .
1 and i think whoever watches this movie is gon na be blown away as i 've been before .
1 i saw this movie on bravo in 2008 and only wish i had known about it years ago .
1 but the film has more than that : it also shows how germany was slowly but inevitably turning to fascism .
0 now i only want to watch `` troll 3 '' by this same director , sure it is not going to be worse than that .
1 i can not say enough about this movie .
1 lots of great , subtle touches , lots of broad , overplayed strokes , all of it perfectly done .
1 ernie hudson put in an oscar winning performance and tony todd and zeus were great as ernie 's right hand men .
1 adapted from the hk serialized novel of the same name , it has less details , character development and plot but still leaves a lot to be admired .
1 gradually he emerges as a figure of great humanity and energy and hope , more stalwart than tragic or confused .
1 first saw this gem from joe sarno way back when , and i must say that after seeing it , i could never forget jennifer welles .
0 i could write better stuff half asleep under the influence of pain medication .
0 others need not apply because you 'll be turned away from the nonsensical plot and pedestrian acting .
0 steve guttenberg and jeffrey tambor got trapped in this mess , but at least it did n't kill their careers .
1 though lili is on a solemn mission , she falls in love with bill , for real , making her original quest challenging .
0 our mute witness is billy hughes , a make-up artist working on a horror film production at a studio in moscow .
1 there is also a well-done and informative making of , based on both parts , so i would advise watching it after seeing the next one , as well .
0 dennis ' parents pretty much do the same and some of the stuff is fairly funny .
0 they are not funny either .
0 the acting is some of the worst i have seen in awhile .
0 the writing was trite and shallow .
1 the show has just reached 50 episodes and i hope it gets to 100 .
1 indeed the story of the kids swimming in the sea and sadako 's prediction of their fate , is truly gripping , despite nothing actually being shown .
1 the most profound scenes are with the tibetan children themselves and the hardships they faced before finding their way to the school .
0 he gets no benefit , no money , nothing pretending to be another person .
1 it simply is the catalyst of the blockbuster generation of the 90s and it 's also one of the best action movies of all time .
0 as a result , the films , though popular in their day , were just awful by today 's standards .
1 lois weber has a tremendous way of capturing her spectators ' attention with her creativity , symbolism , visuals , and through auditory .
1 the script is completely gripping with every scene getting better and better with some vicious humour thrown in .
0 and worst of all , the characters seem alien , like i 've never known them before !
1 every time i see roberta i swoon from the sheer beauty of every part of this gorgeous film .
1 robin williams 's performance in this film was wonderful and he deserved more praise than he got .
1 the story and vivid characters just grab the audience from the very opening , and never lets go .
1 the film brought back memories of those timeless masterpieces of the past and the stars that shone in them .
0 i 'm no movie snob , but this movie was much worse than my already low expectations .
0 from the set design to the acting to the special effects , everything about this movie stinks .
0 i never thought i would write comments such as this about the stargate series , but here i am , bewildered and disenchanted at the pc .
1 groundbreaking special effects and superb comedic and serious acting .
0 there was no plot at all , a few badly dressed actors stumble around getting shot at by water pistols , not very scary .
0 the dialogue is stilted and effects are crude .
0 i got bored , and kept wondering why the editing was so bad .
0 this is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot .
0 i only wish that i had the good sense to turn this movie off in the beginning when i knew it was terrible .
1 this film is definitely worth watching again ... and again .
0 mr. bean is a selfish and rude character and one can only sympathies how pathetic he is .
0 also , the characters have weird , stretched movements , and huge lip animations in areas .
0 only fun if you 're a true fan of the looney tunes i guess ... 4/10 .
0 i guarantee that five minutes into the movie the average viewer will be scratching his/her head in confusion .
1 unlike monday nights , smackdown brings the wrestling in their program .
1 but to my surprise i really enjoyed this .
0 the young cast is n't acting too badly , but the director has no clue as what to do with actors .
0 it 's just not one worth making an effort to see .
0 forget the reviews who keeps whining about the history , this movie does n't have only history facts issues , but also has so many flaws .
1 acting is all great , and the guests are impeccable , including the always spot-on richardson .
0 boring accountant .
1 this is a clever episode of twilight zone that was comic rather than strange or tragic .
0 this film was utterly horrible .
0 i do think that the movie also had the worst reputation ever by the viewers .
1 dustin hoffman got it right when he said , `` it 's no longer a masterpiece ; it 's ok. '' an apt review of the movie .
0 this morning when i threw the coins i received # 29 the abysmal .
1 this is one of the best swedish movies i ever seen .
1 sure the story may have been thin at times , but you ca n't take away from the way it was done .
0 but you are supposed to play a video game and stay alive and 3 people die before you play again ... why do you even need the game ?
0 i only saw two episodes , but those alone turned me off .
0 the direction was poorly done , casting was terrible , christian slater was hardly in it .
0 this mess of a thing makes those movies only bad - not terrible horrible and grotesque like this thing .
0 the whole clumsy girl act is really getting old and it was n't really funny to begin with anyways .
1 this is a role and a character that is far more complete than any part he has played before , and he rises to the occasion .
0 the film explores the ideas of lust , incest and revenge in the most inane fashion imaginable - the tragedy is that this film was made at all .
0 but the award for the `` worst performance and any role till date '' must go to nisha kothari .
1 nothing horrifying or scary , but it 's one that sticks with you .
1 `` easy '' is totally one of the best movies of 2003 , if i am not mistaken , was the release date .
0 whilst vinnie himself is an interesting character , the truth is that he simply does not have the range of acting ability to pull off a role like this .
1 however , i feel the need to express my admiration for this unique movie .
1 there is said that the only dated thing in 'the adventures of robin hood ' is the music , but i disagree .
1 i saw the original production , and have listened to the album hundreds of times .
0 sharon stone is uninspiring in attempts to form some kind of character as one of the main protagonists in the movie .
1 but really this entire film is one big , recommended highlight that comes highly recommended if you have the opportunity to see .
0 its steps are awkward and miss timed .
0 this was supposed to be an action adventure and turned out to be a bad comedy .
1 i watched two very different holmes adventures this morning , but you would be amazed at the similarities .
1 recommended .
0 this movie could have been great but it never rises above sheer caricature .
1 i recognized images from many other films , that have paid homage to this classic .
0 save your money .
0 i really , really wanted to enjoy this movie but it just did n't seem to gel .
1 caine has the olivier role in this version and he 's paired with jude law .
1 well , here is where the plot begins to look more and more like casablanca -- a natural considering bogie 's in this film , too !
1 an intense allegory on the fragile facades of civic conventions .
0 cheap gore .
1 madhuri dixit has done it again .
1 it remains even more poignant today than it was in the late '80s .
0 most of the dialogs seem to be written by a person who has not concluded the elementary school , so imbecile they are .
0 it starts off with a somewhat creepy yet overplayed idea of a twisted family ... then it just turns to crap .
1 the 1980s was home to a lot of movies that made the cross between the mad slasher and dead teenager genres , in which a mad killer goes berserk .
1 none of this detracts from an enjoyable ride and it 's one to add to your blockbuster shopping list .
0 all films need to have an inner logic , and this film just does n't have it - the story does n't make any sense .
1 that 's what has always set this show apart from the mindless cookie-cutter cop shows left on television .
1 hilarious .
0 a few shocking , funny moments and two competing interesting premises but had long stretches of no movement and incoherent plot development .
0 there are unrealistic situations , one after the other .
0 every russian shown was either a terrorist or drinking vodka .
1 sometimes this film goes to lengths , also , to go further into depth about things that do n't deserve such treatment .
1 captain hook is one of those fabulous roles where the actor can just feast on the scenery and can just go to town with it .
0 i 'm surprised to see so many positive reviews of this goofy movie , because i thought it was really lame .
0 no one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again .
1 in a truly remarkable scene , we see as sol does , the faces of all those who have lost hope and been beaten down in despair .
1 when i feel that my life is not going on as i wish , i am always re-watching this masterpiece .
0 excluding eddie murphy , most of the actors were extremely annoying thanks to corny dialogue and poor character expressions .
1 watching this movie is a trippy and twisted experience , and it 's bound to frighten little children and turn them off santa claus and the holidays forever .
0 anyways if your a true fan of the original major league do yourself a favor and do n't watch this junk .
1 if you only see one more comedy in your life , see this one .
1 anyway , he never ceases to amaze .
1 in many ways it is a tribute to wood himself and his unflinching desire and drive to make movies despite his obvious lack of talent and other shortcomings .
0 i would still like to see a good movie about the american immigrant experience , but this one is n't it .
0 how is it then that such a fascinating man has inspired such a boring melodramatic piece of drivel ? ?
1 do n't take my word for it - watch this movie and enjoy it for yourself .
1 little else can be said that was not said and written hundred of times .
1 gena rowlands ' performance as debbie 's mother was heartbreaking in its perfect blend of strength and fragility .
0 for heaven 's sake : do n't see this movie !
1 venturing far into dark and unsettling horror territory cronenberg crafts a spiraling nightmare of zombie outbreak and promiscuous sex .
1 this documentary is not only one of the best documentaries i 've seen , but also one of the most moving and quietly beautiful movies i 've seen period .
0 `` mirror '' is a great film and this one is just poor imitation .
0 why she , after proving that she had obvious talent in other roles , ever agreed to this is beyond me .
0 its perhaps unfair of me to comment on this film , because , for the first time ever , i switched off a movie because it was so bad .
0 what was wes thinking making this dribble ?
0 the rest of the actors are extremely weak and their characters are flat and/or undeveloped .
1 for everyone who has ever gotten frustrated by a hellish problem or works in a job that should have more cathartic releases , see this movie !
0 in fact , when i left the theater , i found myself feeling an overwhelming sense of disgust with both the film maker and the audience !
0 beach balls concerns a young man who wants to become a rock star and his adventures in this poor comedy .
0 good lord , whoever made this turkey needs to be buried alive .
1 jeanette macdonald and nelson eddy star in this `` modern '' musical that showcases macdonald 's comic abilities .
0 it just got stupider and stupider as time ticked by .
0 the dialog was boring , not inspired as some have said of albert brooks ' abilities , the soundtrack was grating , and the casting less than ideal .
1 this is a worthy adaptation of the story and is one that i watch almost every year at some point in the christmas season .
1 give it a try if you can track it down ... it 'll be more than worth the effort !
0 his horrible sneer and lack of any human feeling for the people he tortured really hit a nerve with me .
1 this film depicts life with all its rough edges and displays unforgettable images .
0 well , i give it a 2 for the gore , but otherwise this film is worthless .
0 and speaking of root , this is the type of movie that gives undergoing a root canal a good name .
1 one thing is for sure , with the orphanage we have adopted another truly talented spanish filmmaker , and juan antonio bayona is a director to watch .
0 john hoyt plays the shaman , dressed in a white and yellow merlin costume , the character is the stereotypical japanese from wwii movies .
1 of all those involving shemp i 've seen , this is my favorite performance by him in a stooges short .
0 this is by far the worst adaptation of jane eyre i have seen .
0 this movie was not even close to being a horror because i could not stop laughing about the horrible acting .
1 it has a very original concept and proves that ron underwood is america 's most underrated director .
0 a bitter , bitter , disappointment .
0 egan has trouble being convincing only when the text becomes melodramatic and he needs to be `` upset '' emotionally , ie cry .
0 i 'm stunned to find they have made a shark attack 2 , i certainly wo n't be entertaining it .
0 if you are a tolkien fan , do n't see this .
0 it had everything from half naked cave women to giant dinosaur puppets that our hero , the brain damaged surfer , must battle to save the planet .
0 demi moore made a few brief appearances and gave a few quick kisses to timothy , there was some action , but nothing to write home to mom about .
0 if you want any credibility or any message sent via these low-budget films ... please for the love of god use real actors !
1 great sight gags and the film does n't go on so long it wears out its welcome .
1 and it 's probably that which gives it its warm feel most of all .
1 this movie made me laugh and cry , and stirred my emotions better than a kitchen aid stirs a batter .
1 director john woo provides plenty of interesting character development in the film , which is refreshing .
0 some visual gimmicks are quite well done whereas others are lousy and on the verge of pitiful .
0 he 's not funny , he 's annoying , he 's really weird , and he thinks he 's hot and knows everything about girls .
0 jar jar is more or less the most insulting character i have ever seen on screen .
1 if you 're expecting a movie that faithfully portrays relationships between men and women , you wo n't find it represented in a single frame of this movie .
0 if you 're hoping for battle scenes reminiscent of braveheart forget it .
1 also , i feel that keaton and pfeiffer have more chemistry than keaton and basinger from batman ; they form a tragic love story .
0 the film had little to do with hitchcock 's style and comparisons to hitchcock are a dime a dozen .
1 it goes into how it was developed , how he got the cast , how it was shot , its distribution , reception and how it gained cult status .
0 the ending is just too much to even try to explain with the truth coming out about just who the gorilla is and what he was really up to .
1 excellent casting and a real story of the immigrants who came here to new york and the melting pot we are here in new york .
0 this has to be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
1 it is here that the film reaches its dramatic heights as all parties come to court to achieve a final resolution .
0 i mean , nothing actually happens to his ear after it is originally attacked , and it is n't even a fake bloody ear .
0 except with even worse writing : quaid : `` he made 4 rigs .
1 i ordered the vhs tape sometime in the 80 's and paid $ 60 for it .
1 a seemingly impossible task that is complicated at the last minute and has some funny twists and turns is a joy to watch .
1 televised in 1982 , from a los angeles production , this is probably the finest example of a filmed stage musical you are likely to encounter .
1 if this ever is released in some form on dvd , i 'm sure i 'll be spending insane amounts of money to get hold of it !
0 4 of the 10 .
1 the ending is not a happy one , nor is it a sad one , but that is essentially what realism involves .
1 my wife and kids is a good and funny series that truly shows the worries and problems that happen the most even in the best families .
1 after an insight like this , you question whether or not the man is crazy or the world he lives in .
1 worth watching for anyone interested in the sport or , as in my case , anyone who grew up in the 1970 's .
0 the change of scenes are bad timed , and the focus in some of the scenes are also unbelievable poor .
0 watching reruns on satellite , i am now enjoying it all over again , and i realise just exactly how awful this film is .
1 just do what i did , brave through the first 40 or so minutes and let the pieces fall into place and have fun .
0 the plot was generally something they made their way around , jumped over , or totally jettisoned .
0 i ca n't find anything positive to say about this movie .
1 i give it a 9 out of 10
0 the jokes are lame and old , you 've seen 'em in a dozen 50 's & 60 's films .
1 it captures both the beauty of the african wilderness and the exotic expectation it holds in the collective imagination of those who have never been there .
1 i am sure there are many of us out there who would love to have this series on dvd or even vhs .
1 morals , expectations and the so called `` rights '' determined by society are well approached in an unconventional way .
1 keaton plays a railroad engineer and story is all about how he saves his side , without any help , in the war .
1 the film has a great cast , starring aidan quinn , donald sutherland and ben kingsley .
0 the cast and crew was bad .
1 it features one of the most popular italian stars from this subgenre , giuliano gemma , in what is perhaps his most impressive western role .
1 i recommend this movie as well as it 's two predecessors , `` the hunt for red october '' , and `` patriot games '' .
0 save your money on this one !
0 and it is the exact same house and the exact same ghosts and the whole grudge part makes even less sense than ever .
0 the story lacks so much information and is so full of plot holes that it 's nearly impossible to keep track of what 's happening in the movie .
1 well what can i say it 's the best comedy show i have ever seen in my life .
1 i have never seen a film portray poverty in the 1800 's as well as this film did .
1 the coyote and spider characters enthralled the kids .
1 still , i picked it up used on dvd a few weeks ago and watched it again , and i still enjoyed it immensely .
1 meryl streep and goldie hawn have never been so good .
0 he does n't care about art , all he cares is to make people think they 've got a kick in the groin by watching his movies .
1 a 10/10 film , and a must watch .
1 its what i call the long form and it requires an understanding of whole realms not just bits from them .
1 it might be a documentary , but it is really good .
1 please get this out on dvd asap !
0 it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .
1 i 've read that warner 's done some grand restoration which they 're planning to release on dvd .
1 then again , it 's the most alive and in the moment that i 've seen john savage appear in years .
0 even julia 's fat suit is lame .
0 pt 2 sticks to the formula laid out by pt 1 with an almost alarming reverence .
1 we do n't find out how he gets killed , we just know that he is a hero for his country .
0 the story is also very bad as it deals with goku shrinking .
1 the young sailors are depicted as striving with gusto to serve in the capacity expected of them .
0 `` the tv set '' is in every way untrue , hackneyed , inauthentic , dull , uninspired , recycled tedium .
1 but what impresses me most about this film is the lack of a score , and this is also what makes it beautiful to me .
0 the movie also suffers from an amazing lack of realism - a completely deserted beach in crowded little hongkong , overrun by a million chinese refugees ?
0 on top of all that , the dialogue is simply disastrous and the plot line is so basic it makes my eyes water .
0 so i guess i am totally missing the point of this movie , and i am not connecting to the story in any way ... .
1 for any big kung fu fans this movie provides a compelling insight into the world of shaolin .
0 i mean , the children of the corn flicks are one thing ... but this topped any of those .
1 it certainly has more original and beautiful songs than most musicals , that might have only two or three .
0 limited playing time and a lot of missing scenes .
0 since all the characters are slackers of one variety or another , it makes it appear that the entire town of full of nothing but weirdos .
0 moreover , the zombies attacked mostly night-time , so all i got was shouting .
1 so many current themes in urban western societies are explored , i do n't have enough space to go into detail .
0 and that 's what actually makes good medical dramas tick - dramatic situations you are afraid of , `` this could be me '' sentiment .
0 the only way diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers .
1 i loved this movie since my family loves cats and i remember how it broke my heart when the kitty got killed .
0 there might be a baseball movie out there that can rival how bad this one is , but i doubt it .
1 and in the end her pain is masterly displayed without a single tear .
0 don cheadle does n't have much to do , as his character looks as though he was an after thought .
0 this movie might have the most laughable climax i 've ever seen .
1 a highly underrated movie .
0 i just remembered a worse movie i saw : ed wood 's love feast , aka pretty models all in a row .
0 there are several laughable instances where the characters try to draw the attention of the neighbors that make absolutely no sense .
0 this is one of the worst movie i have ever watched in my entire life .
0 it 's supposed to be a comedy i guess , but by the time it 's through , it becomes a serious drama .
0 it is definitely not as random as many movies i have seen but the pieces of the puzzle just do n't make sense together .
0 stupid , boring `` horror '' film .
1 a superlative soundtrack .
0 this movie ranks among the very worst , with no real redeeming qualities or enjoyability whatsoever .
0 i 've been puerto rican all my life and never once have i been that offensively cliché , but maybe it 's just me ?
1 some may find woody 's humor tiresome , but for those of us who love it when it 's done right , we look forward to the next .
0 trying to read the titles became distracting .
0 the movie never really produced any genuine all-out laughs .
0 this film is almost too bad even for mst3k - honestly !
0 the film is absent of all tension or any major conflict .
0 to top it off , the boxing scenes display zero tension .
0 skip it and rent alien again , or rent it , if you collect the genre .
1 if you 're a colin firth fan you must see this film .
1 bergen 's timing is impeccable , and charlie , is , well , charlie .
1 the characters are well-developed and all people who have not quit living , despite their years .
0 bloody birthday is a totally rubbish slasher movie from beginning to end .
0 it 's dull , seems incredibly long and even the odd gore scene which are n't very frequent or impressive do little to relieve the boredom .
1 this is easily my favourite nunsploitation flick .
0 however , the story drags on and it all goes downhill soon .
1 you 're meant to identify with different aspects of many characters and not only see things from a single perspective .
1 the film itself is well organized and well constructed , without too much bias .
1 when their training is finished , they realize that they 've had the power the whole time to defend themselves and their friendships are made even stronger .
1 the film requires a lot of patience , but sticking around until the end makes the movie more than the sum of its parts .
1 ' a day with the boys ' is a very unique and experimental short film .
1 their further experiences are in turn scary , comic and disturbing and the film offers no easy answers as to exactly what this all means .
1 sit down , go for the ride and walk out of the theatre with the knowledge that your time was well spent .
0 the wolf transformation scenes do n't even look as good as the time lapse photography used way back in the 1940s .
0 as i say , jungle goddess is dull with a capital `` d '' .
1 it has a richly thoughtful plot , and some of the sweetest love scenes i 've seen .
0 the logic of hogan winning the world title at the end made no sense , and many people feel that alone help put the nail in the ppv .
1 each has classic lines , and they are characters you like and root for .
1 `` mr. no legs '' is not an easy movie to come across , but definitely worth the search .
1 when watching it the second time the shift does not take you off guard and you can just appreciate the film .
1 purple rain not only broke boundaries , it set a decade , the costumes , the music , the behavior , and the dancing !
0 *1/2 from ****
1 again stacy peralta is true first to the people who lived the story .
1 get the movie and the book and savor them like old wine .
0 do yourself a favor and skip this cinematic meal .
1 the range of emotions within it is the mark of a great movie .
0 here are ten reasons 2 watch this movie 1 ) you have done everything in life so u are basically jobless .
0 do n't watch that ! !
0 forgive me for the lame summary , but it was all i could think of .
0 and it all leads up to one last , inexplicable showdown between the two men .
0 this movie is the second part of the foreigner , but the foreigner was bad , and now makes seagal a second part of this bad movie .
1 i enjoyed it enough to buy the dvd after the screening , and have enjoyed repeated viewings .
1 probably his best in many years .
1 i am very disabled and this movie shows why it is ok to be different .
1 in reality , these functioned to made it the hallmark that it is in australian history .
1 i can watch over and over again and still enjoy !
1 1979 's tourist trap is a clever , unique b thriller that stands out as one of the best of it 's kind .
0 for example , the family dog rusty , plays a prominent role when the bumbling fools take him hostage .
0 the models used for airplanes for the film were pathetically unrealistic and it was obvious they were bad models .
1 the exuberance and the flash of stage musical must be translated to film .
0 this is by far one of the worst and least movies i have ever seen .
0 the plot relies on sensationalism and innuendo rather than clear , satisfying explanation .
0 poor cgi effects , poor editing , poor direction , a cast that i hope were well paid as this will be a nail in many a careers coffin .
1 enjoyable in all aspects , from start to finish .
1 i have since purchased the video and watched it two or three more times , still loving it each time .
0 regardless of familiarity with the original version , the plot is 100 % predictable from the first few minutes right up until the last five .
0 the bird though makes it a 3 .
1 although generally considered a romantic comedy , it is not a film aiming for laughs .
1 i love this movie .
1 every possible cliché about india has been faithfully included .
0 it was not all that funny , through most of the movie , i laughed for putting in the effort for trying .
1 so , i was very pleasantly surprised how good a job gary busey did at playing him and at imitating his singing voice .
0 i want back the time i wasted watching this thing ... .
1 you have spent much time with him while making this documentary which he allowed you to and innocently answered all your questions giving you perfect answers .
0 i still would have given it 3/10 , but right now it 's in the top 250 .
0 it all happens with so little flair that emanuelle in egypt is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
0 she tries to convince the authorities of what she 's seen , but finds that no one believes her story ...
1 not sure when or where it 's playing again , but a definite must see for film enthusiasts .
0 i really do n't think anybody who is n't a die-hard dolph fan would even have any chance of enjoying this movie .
0 but the worst part was that the camera never stops moving and is constantly shaking .
0 if you can get beyond these prejudices , then you can expect , at best , a mediocre movie .
0 i endured to the end because surely there must be something here , but no .
1 you can not help but smile all through it -- except when you 're crying happy tears !
0 this made for tv movie plays it way too safe despite good tries by fawcett and bergin .
1 the story manages to get most of conrad 's basic messages across and the acting is superb .
0 does not a thrilling movie make .
0 my score : 4/10 .
0 this has to be one of the worst films ever made .
1 this production was not particularly accurate with regards to the holmes stories , but it was an enjoyable program and is worth watching .
1 i consider it no exaggeration to call this one of the top 10 war films ever made .
1 my vote is nine .
0 i do n't really know why i should go on writing in detail about such trash but , then again , why not ?
1 overall , this is a nice family film , with odd themes thrown in , but nonetheless , good entertainment .
0 the weird thing is , milius spends most of his time building up characters and story lines that have no resolution .
1 and the actors are amazing - never have i heard anyone speak so many languages without it sounding strange .
0 it 's mostly the disjointed feel of the scenes , the amateurish editing and the poor pacing .
1 however , eric overcomes his fear and risks everything .
0 the whole plot is extremely forced - especially the `` gallant '' effort to save the college from ruin , and the moralistic overtone grates a bit .
0 however , they strayed from the book 's storyline too much , and the movie version did not convey how horrible this house really was .
0 this movie was , perhaps , one of the most unoriginal and unfunny films i 've seen in a long , long while .
1 anyone who had any part of getting it to the screen must have realized they were making history , and should be proud for the honesty of it .
1 if all possibilities are to be developed as i think they should be , this is going to be one to remember .
1 diagnosis murder has tackled a diverse range of topics , not just in the cases but in each of the characters personal lives .
1 it 's so good see a show where all the characters work well together and they treat each other with respect .
0 long sentences stay up for a second or two , while short ones stay up far too long .
1 one thing that i felt about `` storytelling '' more than any of the other two solondz films i 've seen is that it seemed a lot more personal .
0 this one is just boring .
0 but not enough to make up for the one and a half hours the movie tortured my eyes .
0 one might think that all the big-name actors involved in this movie would at least make it believable , but they do not -- this one is a stinker .
1 i wo n't reveal the rest of the plot , but it is well acted and well characterized .
1 it was just sincere , and powerful , and good .
0 the only thing i could add was the painful monologue at the end about how `` we misuse technology . ''
1 catch it soon , it really is top-notch ... !
1 keener gives a very good performance and makes it so that there is a genuine spirit to their relationship .
1 the ' 7 ' rating is not necessarily a smear -- this movie was done on a low budget -- but done well within its limits .
0 a genuinely creepy ghost story , full of chills and sensuality , this movie just falls short of what it promises .
1 peter boyle is a tour de force as the working class socially conservative bigot , joe .
1 their son in the film is adorable and hope so see this child in more films !
0 for masochists only .
1 his subtle blend of virtue such as honor , honest and pride - without being the least bit preachy , make watching his performance an utter joy .
0 and this is one of the very worst ones : not only it consistently sucks , but it does n't have one single original moment .
1 by themselves , the three actors give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters .
1 this is one of those excellent short subject films that does n't seem like either tv episode or someone attempting to get investors to expand it to feature length .
1 i do n't intend to do a summary of this excellent movie , just go see it if you have the chance .
0 all in all , bogart should have saved his money , and credibility .
0 however , there is one pivotal moment where `` the ring two '' changed from a lackluster sequel to an all-out piece of sh*t. the deer .
0 just more second rate goons working for some puppet master ... overkill .
0 nothing redeeming about it at all .
1 the movie is well-paced and the story reflects a deep understanding of the essential drama at the core of macbeth .
1 the rest of the cast gives davi excellent support and combine to make an exciting film experience .
1 i first saw this mini-series a number of years ago on british television and was immediately captivated by the story .
0 bottom line : this one 's not worth your time .
0 lloyd 's boyish likability becomes fey and limp when we can hear him talk , and a sluggish , restrained pace replaces the zany antics of his silents .
1 despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever .
1 the crooks in mask routine gets old and this cartoon is a change from that .
0 the only half decent desi films out there are '' hollywood bollywood '' , `` east is east '' , and `` bend it like beckham '' .
1 if you like the simpsons and/or crazy taxi , definitely play this game .
1 it 's a time that people wo n't soon forget .
1 and i recommend it to everyone !
0 there is no one to sympathize with in this film , as everyone is a self-serving criminal .
1 the sound effects were amazing , the music was great , the theme song equally memorable and the animation was wonderful .
1 this made-for-tv film is a brilliant one .
0 the film tries to be complex and intelligent when in fact it 's nothing more than shallow , confusing and gratuitous .
0 it 's poorly done , directed , and i wo n't even get on the f/x .
1 all the performances have a freshness and vitality about them .
1 no real story but real entertainment and an object lesson for up and coming film makers .
1 when this movie is available for sale i want to buy and put in our dvd library .
0 it 's a surprisingly bland drama set in barbados involving omar sharif hoping to make andrews a spy while also slowly leading her into the proverbial bedroom .
1 this is an excellent anime movie .
0 the script , the story , the acting are all simply laughable .
0 a total waste of an hour and a half , not to mention the 3 bucks renting it .
1 a wonderful 1950s british war film , and in colour too !
1 good , creepy , b-movie slasher fare .
1 i hope to see this movie find a distributor for the dvd so that it will be more accessible .
0 utter pretentious nonsense from beginning to end with both o'toole and york overacting wildly .
1 really watch this if you have n't it ends with everyone on a happy note just like the days when you as a kid watched cartoons !
1 they 're gon na grow up one of these days , carlos , and when they do , you 're gon na dry up and blow away .
0 nothing out of the ordinary or unique about the story and it 's woefully too long !
1 recommended , 8/10 .
0 this movies rates with dracula 3000 which also has a one star rating .
1 the film 's storyline is wonderfully original , i have n't seen a movie like this ever .
0 unless there is a longer version of the film out there , the character development is as thin as both the plot and the special effects budget .
1 if you have n't seen it , see it , in the middle of the night !
0 that the men in the film or anyone would tolerate her or find her appealing is beyond me .
0 but the screenplay is flat and listless , and seemingly goes from set-up to set-up with no motivation .
1 for the people remembering the original cube production commentary on its dvd may remember that vincenzo natali talked about how he came up with the story of cube .
1 george segal and barbara streisand shine together in this `` odd couple '' meets `` bringing up baby '' production .
0 some of the dialogues are so bad they hurt your ears and the acting is really lousy .
1 it also shows how virginity was still the vogue back then and that all the other provocative women were putting on a show .
1 taking that risk was a good idea because it 's end result is an exceedingly good film .
0 it was a complete disaster , and one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
1 this is an excellent dark comedy that 's very funny with 3 amazing performances from bruce willis , meryl streep and goldie hawn ! .
0 there were major plot-holes including how the killer killed the last victim so quickly and yet still be there in the group of girls when it happened ?
0 it is impossible to care for russell because she 's embarrassingly bad .
1 this is a faithful adaptation of the excellent book by james hilton , and deserves to be treasured for generations to come .
0 i could n't even sit through the whole movie .
1 purchased entire season of miracles on dvd for just $ 10 on ebay - ca n't wait to be inspired !
1 what is beautiful about the movie , like all of lee 's films , is that he does n't `` side '' with his characters .
1 while this movie does involve crying , its not dramatic crying , its honest emotion shining through .
1 i prefer this movie than other movie such the cell and highlander .
1 it is a wonderful blend of sci-fi and reality .
0 for a film about how to improve your speaking ability , this one really does n't take much of its advice .
1 the movie is one of the best movies that i 've seen from it 's time period and genre .
0 the only positive thing i have to say about this was the hottie native running around in a skimpy outfit .
1 it 's one of the only documentaries i can recall that , when it ended , i wanted it to go on for another two hours .
0 perhaps these actors should go on a new mission : steal the prints of this craptastic movie and burn them before any unsuspecting viewer can see this dross .
0 the acting was on the caliber of a 6th grade production of oklahoma and the plot , such as there was , is predictable , boring and inane .
0 spy hard wasnt funny , a very few scenes will make you laugh , i also recommend you avoid this .
1 he finally made a movie for himself and his vision , without any kind of apology or pretense .
1 this movie is exceedingly faithful to lovecraft 's original story , and i loved the original story .
0 wait until you see how the mad scientist who started this whole mess gets it .
1 fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless .
1 the plot is deliciously simple and follows a group of commandos that go off into the jungle on a secret mission .
1 i 've seen it at least dozen times and still i 'm not tired with the plot , characters or music .
1 i had heard that george burns was in this movie and that he won an academy award for it .
1 it shows jesus as he was from a biblical perspective .
1 things of hilarious things are following and we follow the days of the child joe welch .
1 beautifully constructed , `` traffik '' tells the story of narcotics usage and commerce from multiple points of view .
1 worth a look for welles enthusiasts and anyone with a taste of the avant-garde .
0 the fact that the dog is a one-dimensional character of limited personality and that claude cat is limited here by the running gag only makes things more problematic .
1 the cartoon itself is good , funny , old fashioned , creative , entertaining and amusing .
1 `` memoirs of a geisha '' is a visually stunning melodrama that seems more like a camp , drag queen satire than anything to do with real people .
0 to summarize , i was shocked to see this movie because it looks like a cheap and comic translation of original classic .
0 a meeting with his adult daughter is brought up , but that plot point is dropped also .
1 i love the mike character , reminds me allot of me .
1 master of puppets and ... and justice for all are definitely superior .
0 in other words , the movie is inconsistent !
0 if you 're not in the mood to see otherwise extremely talented people embarrass themselves , do yourself -- and them -- a favor and skip this .
0 how degrading for a young actor as himself to play in a movie with such a poorly constructed role .
1 if you liked this one don´t miss `` true crimes '' or `` the hurricane '' .
0 it was really really bad .
0 the only other attraction derives from the story 's origin in a dumas novel i have n't read .
1 and this time it 's personal .
0 in my opinion is tu pa tam very cheap movie with stupid story and very very bad acting .
1 naturally , there 's an instant chemistry between sheen and estevez , and their scenes of conflict are even more intense , knowing that they 're actually related .
1 i am a big fan a faerie tale theatre and i 've seen them all and this is one of the best !
0 but , the creature 's look and acting were horrible and unneeded .
1 this is an excellent movie with which to start your bergman experience , acutely portraying emotional troubles of the young as well as the old .
0 the insultingly banal plot follows kyle who gets dumped and then is turned on by a nude male model in his art class , who claims to be straight .
0 there was hardly any gore shown and the acting is sub par .
0 read a good book instead , you will thank me later .
1 everybody who saw maurice knows that hugh grant is able to act .
1 so much so , it paved the way for more comedies of its ilk , many of which have copied the style , but have never succeeded .
0 i was amused , however , by the opening shots of horses having sex in a public square .
1 expensive looking yet with scenes of such poverty , masterfully photographed , often thrilling , and always engaging , to me it was mgm movie-making at its best .
1 in a genre by itself , this film has a limited audience and narrow appeal coupled with a subtle undertone which permeates the entire production .
0 i rented this flop with low expectations ... . but ... well ... it really sucked .
0 there is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who could n't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside !
0 this is one of those movies i really despise thanks to it being so shockingly mediocre .
1 quite dramatic and brutal in the first part , warm and funny in the second .
1 i am currently on vacation in israel for summer , and so was able to see this incredible film .
1 if it makes you think about the subject , it has done its job - even if you never believe .
1 and rather than the mandatory happy ending , this story has a bitter sweet one .
1 this movie shows the life of harry voss , from being a child with a romantic vision of the world to becoming a frustrated alcoholic .
1 touching bollywood epic melodrama about a 10 year-old girl who finds out that she 's adopted , and is determined to find her birth mother .
0 i must say that i am often a fan of films in which very little of any consequence occurs .
1 i recommend watching this film with your significant other if you 're planning a romantic evening with him/her .
1 probably more than anything else , this movie successfully goes to great lengths to show the plight of immigrants in the united states - topical given the recent debates .
0 this is one of the worst movies that i have ever seen .
1 i give this movie 10 weasel stars on raquel welch body alone .
1 you must see the movie to understand the issues , for they ca n't be discussed without giving away too much of the story .
1 it 's an thriller with an edge , a story and believable characters .
1 also an enjoyable guest appearance from liz taylor .
1 this is a beautiful film that not even mrs. cruz was able to spoil .
1 thankfully , this film took some time off to develop a different type of story , one that might reinvent the dirty harry and the whole genre .
1 the story is interesting , too , for the full two hours .
0 this is like a low budget version of the thing made by people that have seen too many godzilla movies and teen sex comedies .
1 i can only hope that the game will be re-released on a more recent console .
0 while it looked nice it did n't have much to offer in the way of plot or character development .
0 how could vera farmiga go from being in the departed to being in this horrendous crap pile of a movie .
0 now i 'm all for low budget cinema but this film is just terrible .
1 after seeing this film , i am convinced that coppola is one of the masters of light and photography in film history .
0 this is a tourist film , and a lousy one .
0 not a second of tension can be found .
0 a real bad , stupid incoherent horror film .
0 the sound was a huge problem : sometimes you have to rewind the video because the sound is unclear and/or muffled .
1 even though he fails to make von bruno seem truly foreign and otherworldly , stephen mcnally gives a truly chilling performance as the sadistic nobleman .
1 especially the scenes with the couple shooting the ... educating movies , are hilarious .
0 never before have i seen a film that left me feeling so ashamed and dirty .
0 this film was apparently cut down from a television series , and i can only assume that they left the worst parts in !
0 i categorize this movie as `` i am having a really , really , really bad day '' film .
1 make certain to stay 'til the end of the credits ; sherlock holmes fans will receive an ingenious clue to the his `` future '' .
0 summary : a pathetic and poor attempt at a sequel .
1 it 's an action thriller drama that kept my glued to the television with it 's story .
0 i really would not watch the entire thing if someone offered me $ 100 to do it .
1 my parents and i love this movie .
1 this was my 2nd viewing of the movie , with the first viewing quite a few years ago .
1 as a producer of indie movies and a harsh critic of such , i have to say i loved this movie .
1 the story line weaves together farrah 's story with that of her 2 other hollywood wife friends .
1 but anyway , i loved the game of death footage because of the offbeat comedy between bruce and his buddies .
1 but even more so , `` pink flamingos '' is not so much a movie as it is an event , or something that happens to you .
1 ekin cheng makes an excellent protagonist , loner character .
1 i had n't seen it for years , but it was released on dvd in june of 2009 so i raced out and got a copy .
0 i do n't believe i have ever seen a worse film in my life .
1 2001 is a absolutely unique movie experience .
1 tomei matches him word for word .
0 a severe backwards step for the puppets in this mainly dull and tedious outing .
1 on the whole , ali g indahouse is hilarious british comedy at its best - and funniest , and most clever .
1 though the subject matter is very controversial but it is handled with great care by very talented people .
1 the writing is what really makes this show .
0 what on earth billy connolly is doing in the film is beyond comprehension ?
1 this is mainly what makes south park soooo funny .
0 but this was my first brittany murphy movie and i 'll go out of my way not to see her again .
0 otherwise , avoid at all costs ! ! ! !
1 this movie was able to give us a deeper look into a disaster that many would not have viewed .
0 my biggest problem with this movie is being able to predict scenes 20 minutes in the future .
1 i have seen almost every version of `` the phantom of the opera '' on vhs .
1 not as much action as the usual war movie , but yet still recommended -- especially for civil war buffs .
0 i gave the movie a 4 , mostly from my children 's point of view .
0 you probably will not immediately recognize liam neeson in the role of the deaf , mute , shell-shocked carl wayne anderson .
0 while very pleased with the cinematography qualities of the production i was disappointed with the poor writing .
1 sadly there are no more than 10 stars in imdb 's rating system , so i have to rate it verbally : i give it the highest possible recommendation .
1 s. epatha merkerson is wonderful as nanny and she brings so much life to this role .
1 i found this video version much better because scenes and lines were added to it .
0 i sat through more than an hour of it before giving it up .
0 in fact the olsen fans must b in heaven at the fact that they made an actual watchable film .
1 this movie will surprise you , the other side of the coin of `` analyze me '' , but not alike , with nothing to envy .
0 seriously anyone who gives this movie any credit needs to get a life .
0 no idea how any issue brought is solved , no hot babes , no swearing to lighten the bad plot , characters , acting ...
0 i like the idea behind the plot , but the execution is terrible !
0 you could probably find something better to watch or do ... 3/10
0 well charlie was not at the level he is now during this flick ... not that he 's anything worth watching now .
0 this movie has virtually no plot , instead relying on chris tucker to carry the unfunny movie .
1 kurosawa used a fantastic montage sequence involving mifune 's trip into the underworld that would bring tears to fritz lang 's eye .
0 not a very profound statement , and i 'm sorry , not profoundly made in this movie .
1 this movie presents a personal perspective of the aging process .
1 memorable one-liners abound , and the closing credit 's `` dedicated to ... '' is intense .
1 but this clever and light-hearted retelling of cinderella is winning enough for parents to enjoy , too .
0 the only bright side in this total debacle is some good acting from the supporting cast .
0 there is no skill on display here , as it all is just stupid , and not `` so dumb it 's fun '' either .
0 it felt like i was watching `` good morning vietnam '' set to opera music it just did n't work .
1 there are certain deaths in this film that you ca n't possibly see coming and even the final battle at the end of the story is shockingly unpredictable .
0 in particular lord byron , her sometime lover , is presented as a poorly researched caricature .
0 this movie has nothing to it , nothing at all .
1 his father 's ship was sunk but angus has n't surrendered hope for his well-being .
0 i thought it was a real documentary and i felt sick at what i saw .
1 every moment i saw in this film caused me to be amazed again and again .
0 i 've only myself to blame .
0 anyhow , no hot chicks , no watch .
0 i am a catholic who goes to church every week , but i do not agree with such christian arrogance .
0 the acting was better than average , but the plot held no surprises .
1 watch it with an open mind and heart an maybe you 'd like to see `` christmas in connecticut '' every year .
1 the soundtrack to the film , including german classical music , and rock music by blind faith and leonard cohen , also lends its timeless quality .
0 such a lame attempt at romance in the middle of an already interesting film .
0 the characters are weak .
0 it is gross , not funny because it is too simple .
1 i watch this movie now and laugh just as hard as i did the first time i saw it .
0 as i said before our star use to be stuck with an evil gym teacher who was out to make his life a living hell .
1 even for someone like me who does n't know the ramones ' music , it 's pure pleasure .
1 the best cheech & chong movie so far ! !
0 this movie could have been pretty funny and unique but two things really bothered me .
0 we rented the movie and it maybe the worst movie ever .
1 true those aspects are there , but the real story is so much more involved , stimulating , and unexpected .
0 low-budget murder mystery about a public defender trying to clear his client of a murder the man had been convicted of 12 years previously .
0 apart from dicaprio 's performance this film was so awful .
0 1 out of 10 for what it 's being touted as .
0 unfortunately , none of that drama is visible on screen in mabel at the wheel , which looks like typical keystone chaos .
0 while many americans enjoy the good life and are wealthy , just as many live in very poor conditions .
0 conservative people who find that kind of humor to be crude can go listen to bill o ' reilly bs them to death .
1 if only there were more programs like this vintage western on tv these days !
1 it keeps you intrigued from the first episode till the end and though progressing slowly , is fast enough for you to feel on the edge .
0 stay away .
1 however , it is not overly sentimental , touching as it does on themes of office politics , adultery , and loneliness .
0 oh you hackers , what a waste of two hours that was !
0 i have liked cain since his ` lois & clark ' days , but he along was n't going to get me to see a suspense thriller .
1 although i use the words real world , this movie is more realistically a fantasy of what real love is often dreamed about .
1 i do n't think i 've seen a documentary that captures so authentically and personally the subject matter being covered .
1 like many before it , it portrays more of the mythology of the alamo than the history .
1 no problem there , but the movie is only as good as its actors and director .
0 this film inexplicably spawned thus for 3 sequels each slightly more atrocious than the last .
0 this is probably one of the worst films i 've seen in a long time !
1 'the lodge ' was the first film to be considered a complete fully feature by hitchcock .
0 i tried not to expect anything greater from this film , but still it was a big disappointment .
1 in the updated tradition of the princess bride this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating .
1 as a zeppelin fan i am all for improvisation as long as it adds to , while improving the song .
1 director joe dante deliver a great show for both youngster and adults .
1 hands down , the best film of the year 2000 .
0 from the start it was a total disaster to me and not just that it could not make me laugh but rather i felt like being insulted by it .
1 it 's a movie of its time .
1 i watched this movie at about 3 am one night , and perhaps it was just the late hour , but i was pleasantly surprised by this film .
1 there is n't as much action but the acting is just as good .
0 i would not recommend this movie to anyone , and i wish i could take it back where i got it from .
1 the story has a few logical problems and the fighting need more edition , although i understand michelle had practiced hard for her own film .
0 the two romantic leads are boring , shallow , witless puppets of the plot .
1 this scenario is given to you in the first fifteen minutes of the movie , and it 's off to the races in this delightful comedy .
1 they also have a certain innocence about them that makes them all the more endearing .
1 this entry contains the best of everything in the movie , best story , acting and suspense .
0 the performances are n't oscar-worthy when there 's nothing going on , but in times of distress or terror , these people suffer so much it 's like torture .
0 i love mockumentaries and potty humor but i did not even crack a smile during this entire film .
1 i became such a fan girl all over again .
1 im not the usual crying type , but this movie really moved me .
0 irresponsible mother , naive & stupid boy , silly and confused girl ...
1 but for those of us who have read the novel and loved it , this is by far the best movie of `` the little princess '' made .
1 this is an excellent trashy movie about a good little bad girl who does a lot of naked damage for no real reason other than some mommy issues .
0 consider yourself warned .
0 seagal has been acting in several entertaining action movies , but this time this movie really sucks .
0 for those with little time on their hands , i 'll sum it up quickly , in one word ... pathetic .
1 after each one , my appreciation for his talents increased .
0 i only recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie , this is almost the definition of one .
1 i really love the visual style of korean movies and videos , and have enjoyed more than a few korean movies .
0 this movie is n't funny and has nothing valuable to say .
0 finally , the `` air force one '' ending should come as no surprise to any `` star trek '' movie veterans .
1 while it lacks the earlier work 's kinetic energy , it is more emotionally satisfying and has characters that we care about .
1 it lifted my spirit and helped me to relate to my own dull working world experience .
1 one of the first mainstream pictures that li made outside of his career in china .
1 all three actors are extremely good , especially thurman who makes one of the most impressive uses of limited screen time that i 've ever seen .
0 i nearly cried with boredom when watching it .
0 towards the end she does come through a little better but , by then it 's too late to save the film .
0 the opening cartoon credits , if filmed as a live action weekly series staring green , would be so much better than this boring , uneventful snooze fest .
1 what 's so great is the clever way the movie makes us , the audience , question his sanity at times , too .
1 james garner , always a vastly underrated actor , creates a stoic yet tragic call .
1 but in another year , i suspect lon chaney jr. would have been nominated for the performance of his career .
0 otherwise , do n't waste your time the feelings between father and son are never explained .
0 this movie feels a lot like one of those cheap saturday morning kids shows that they used to make back in the late eighties early nineties .
1 michelle pfeiffer also has a great performance and is very beautiful in this movie as sam 's lawyer rita harrison .
0 after watching about half of this i was ready to give up and turn it off , but i endured to the end .
0 all in all , a thoroughly bad film , but not the worst if you 've got nothing else to do and if it 's on tv .
1 i would be one of the few people who owns a copy of this classic .
0 when the spirits within was released , all you heard from final fantasy fans was how awful the movie was because it did n't seem like final fantasy .
0 i ca n't think of one good thing in this movie .
1 it made me jump , i did n't expect most of what happened , and though i questioned some of the movie , it was still a fun watch .
1 and by the by , i 'm not a little kid , this is for the older audiences wanting to recapture their childhood .
1 but it did , and presented a very though provoking thinking man 's action thriller set in this age of cloak and dagger terrorism .
1 johnny yune is honestly one of the most underrated comedians i have ever seen .
0 i was quickly wishing i had saved my $ $ $ for something else .
0 the editing is also poor on occasion with some scenes not making any sense & character 's suddenly popping up from quite literally nowhere .
0 it 's strange because no episode of doctor who has dated as badly as this .
0 the script is bad , you do n't care about the characters and the humor is mostly lame except for a few amusing one-liners .
0 and worst of all , there are less vampires in this game than there were werewolves in the beast within .
0 apparently everybody always appears to pinpoint some sort of gloomy and stylistic filming trademarks in his work that are completely lost on me .
1 but that just adds to the power this film has .
0 the fight sequences are lame and the costumes and make-up effects are downright pitiable .
0 the actors , no matter how cute , are at sea with this poor a script .
1 in any event , show people is a delicious treat for buffs , who will relish the parade of star cameos throughout .
0 i 'm guessing he needed a little money to pay the mortgage , so he made this piece of dung .
0 she is the only living thing in this dead sea of a film .
0 he 's not exactly the best action star around , but this was a disaster even by his standards .
1 good for the whole family .
0 like you can expect from a movie such as this , it has a very weak script .
1 there is no one else that has ever been captured on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience .
0 do n't waste your time on a movie that is n't worth the cd it 's written on !
0 also , the movie is too long -- 2 1/2 hours .
0 all together this movie was bad and a waste of time .
0 this was a typical `` loser girl from middle school gets scorn by the school hottie , then gets her revenge '' type movie .
1 when he and goku meet face to face , the movie really takes off .
0 this could of been an excellent short film , if they had just taken the time to hire a real director .
1 you may not know this film just yet , but trust me , once seen you 'll never forget it ! !
1 this is a fine drama and a nice change of pace from today 's more hectic and loud films .
1 a lavish production well directed by raoul walsh , they died with their boots on features some truly well-staged battle sequences .
1 worth a look for welles enthusiasts and anyone with a taste of the avant-garde .
1 it is a film with a very universal approach to the very universal issues .
1 a true classic and a great example of screwball comedy .
0 i never had a clue anyone could make such an inept hunk of crap and pass it off as funny .
1 if you want something that requires no thought , where your goal as a viewer is just to relax and be amused , this is perfect .
0 what a script , what a story , what a mess !
1 michael keaton is one of my all-time favorite actors , his style & natural performances in almost all of his films have made me a proud fan .
0 the violence is gratuitous , not funny , and the final credits sequence with the faces of the people who died almost made me puke .
1 unlike a hollywood movie , dark assassin is a labor of love for jason yee and those who believed in him .
1 the characters are very well defined though we do get to see both their bright and dark sides in different portions of the film .
0 the characters are unlikeable and annoying , the soundtrack is awful and the plot , well , there is n't one .
0 it never seems to amaze me how bad films can actually be , but this is an insult to intelligence .
1 a rather morbid tale one might think , but it is classic charles dickens , and also one of the most famous and popular christmas stories of all time .
1 elfen lied had some of the best animation i 've seen in a long time .
0 this is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre : action comedy .
0 do n't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series .
0 hammy acting - everything is badly done and overdone , like begging for the uneducated viewer 's attention .
1 words can hardly describe what blue planet brought to life in all of its hours of runtime .
0 i watched this and was hoping for at least a few good scenes of humor , but was sadly disappointed .
0 do n't know what made so many known actors and actresses contribute to a material like this , but i guess bob saget had something to do with it .
0 this movie was just too intentionally cheesy for me , as well as too lacking in real excitement or scares .
1 i 've liked pokemon for 5 or 6 years , so everyone should enjoy pokemon , including this movie and other pokemon movies .
1 cher , eric stoltz , and sam elliott were the perfect cast to tell this true story of rocky , and they did an awesome job .
1 i have n't seen such `` touching '' movie for a long time .
1 i found the story very thoughtful and entertaining at the same time .
0 although the actual story definitely is n't the worst i 've ever seen , milligan somehow inexplicably attracts sheer ineptitude .
1 which it made ray 's life extremely difficult for him and as well for battling the tragedy of his childhood .
0 to top it off , she spends the next hour of the film shrieking and harried and running into the arms of any dude she can find .
1 but , this is one of my favorite shows of all time , and i cried when they showed the last episode .
1 unusual ending in which , although crime does not pay , one pays in a way not directly linked to the crime .
0 the plot also has none of the mystery of sherlock holmes .
0 dull and boring with a pretty talented cast giving their all time worst performances .
0 the director/writer clearly did not care about his characters and it shows in his work .
0 i may be overreacting , hang on , i 'll check ... . no i 'm not , this is single-handedly the worst film ever made .
1 his ability to create these challenging characters and put them in situations that i never saw coming was outstanding .
1 otherwise , i love this film very much .
1 this movie is very strong , and with the real sex , it is in a very sick way , erotic to an extent .
0 awful , awful , awful ! ! !
0 do n't waste your time on this piece of crap .
0 the movie , overall , was just awful .
0 one of the few bright spots in this clunker of a comedy is david morse , a highly underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles as villains .
1 another one of her best films .
0 the untold ... is one of the worst films i ever saw .
1 i recently spent some time in western vancouver island and was struck by the scenery and immediately thought of this movie and the beautiful backdrop in every scene .
0 this was awful ! ! ! !
0 unless you want something really really bad to view -- so that you know just where the bottom of the pile is , please do n't rent this film .
0 now as for the actors they are generally really bad .
1 the fact that this is a true story makes it very special , more special than it would have been .
0 other than these two moments , the rest of the film was pure rubbish , not worth viewing unless you are about to go blind .
0 i know this movie is aimed at young kids , but that is not an excuse for the movie being bad .
1 and the cameo at the end of america 's perennial first lady was a hoot - and bugs goes and lampoons her on the spot !
0 i could have been the first to walk out , but i waited a bit too long .
1 a well put together entry in the serial killer genre that unfortunately gets mired down in its own pretentiousness to be really satisfying .
1 watching this helps encourage lonely people to learn how to find that `` special someone '' and whatnot .
1 the lead duo i thought were superb , and you can tell while watching the film they were enjoying themselves .
1 this is the main area that the 1976 version of a star is born actually surpasses it 's classic predecessors .
0 there is no evidence , no pattern and no body .
0 i was personally looking forward to it but just got terribly disappointed .
0 this film really misses the mark on most fronts .
0 this has to be one of the most badly acted and boring horror films around .
0 no one was helped by a dire david schneider screenplay .
1 it is unique and the way the characters communicate with each is fantastic to liven up the mystery which is the ghost train .
0 his skills , abilities and deftness , real and admirable , are often spoiled , miserably wrecked by his hideous personality .
0 it shows no character development .
1 if you 're looking for something light to watch , something just for not thinking for 90 minutes , then it 's that kind of movie .
1 i have n't been so enlightened and happy after seeing a film since i saw once a while back .
0 very predictable .
1 although the film can be funny at times it is mainly sad and it will not leave any spectator indifferent .
0 the costumes were ridiculous .
1 people who , as a result of the military testing the atomic bomb on their land years ago , have become who they are .
0 it tries to be funny , but fails miserably .
0 and when you have a good actress like kirsten dunst reduced to a whiny female lead , it only makes it worse .
0 if you 're interested in the marquis de sade , you wo n't learn anything about him by watching this .
0 it was like they had all these interesting character ideas and they all went nowhere !
1 all in all , i definitely recommend this film , its romantic , looks stunning and has a dramatic climax
1 good , funny , straightforward story , excellent nicole kidman .
1 i would n't say that this film is for everyone , but the film is on my top 10 list .
0 the only bad guy who ever came close to being interesting was cole , seeing as he was evil but also loved phoebe .
1 seasons 1 and 2 are pretty bad , 3 shows an improvement but 4 & 5 are where it starts to get noticeably better .
1 a guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules while doing it yet remains admired and loved for it .
0 now the worst thing is that the original one is far better than this copy .
1 i believe this is an absolute must see for mccrea or russell fans .
1 see this movie and if you like , recommend to friends so it does n't get lost among all the blockbuster crap that comes out every year .
1 it 's every bit as entertaining as it sounds .
1 this movie will make you cry and feel things that you have not felt in a long time .
1 large scale and touching , what more could a movie lover want !
1 finally , adrien is the lonely older man whose wisdom born of experience ultimately gives strength and guidance to others .
1 while i do think there were one or two decidedly cheesy scenes , over-all the movie was impeccably done .
1 really do n't care that no one on here likes this movie , , i do , and that 's what this review is about .
1 the fact that some families become activists for their children , even after they have committed suicide , is amazing .
0 she was the only highlight , without her , i doubt i would have been able to bear watching the film .
0 believe me the special effects do n't help this scene , and really are beyond poor ... .
0 the whole enterprise might just have worked with someone like leslie howard as giovanni ; his restrained classical style would have been better suited to this dated material .
0 i do n't care if the ghost is satan , it just does n't happen .
1 it begins on somewhat of a serious note that you do not expect , but what follows is very funny , entertaining , and quite poignant as well .
0 gangsters get involved in the story , though i 'm not sure what their presence added to the movie other than making the film even more unrealistic .
0 the kid in the film that plays max is whiny and a terrible actor .
1 while thematically not complex , this film does offer many different perspectives about personal loyalty , ruthlessness , and corporate conspiracy .
0 bette davis just emerging as a major star has little to do but stare wide-eyed at howard .
0 described the one of the greatest leader 's life very uninteresting .
1 this is by far the best small budget picture this year , if not ever .
0 the producers , directors , actors , etc , are just trying go as cheap as they can go and at the same time make money off their viewers .
0 on a scale of 1 to 10 , this one gets a 1 ...
0 if you find a copy , of course : ) as for me , i could stand it only once ...
1 camera obscura -- - 9/10
1 as always , webb , being the patriot that he is , came to the defense much like all the rest of his shows .
0 barbara anderson gives her weakest performance ever as the daughter of a mass killer , and who is on a mission of a sort .
1 the music , drawn from etting 's most famous recordings , is also memorable , and day pulls out all the stops for her songs .
0 it looks cheap and is pitch black through most of the major scenes .
0 there 's almost no action , no plot , and no point to it .
0 i think that this is one of my top ten worst movies i have ever seen !
1 the film offers an adventure of bonding , caring , sharing , changing , and exchanging .
1 what i love about the fact is that a movie about obsession , jealousy is done in such a light hearted manner .
1 `` pandora 's clock '' is an intelligent political thriller that is far beyond the quality of most tv movies .
1 it 's a great film , even if it is not the greatest kurosawa film .
0 bland performances by the leads , a typically eccentric one by richard lynch .
1 the humour in this film is kind of warm and innocent and i like it .
1 one to be enjoyed by all ages and in all times .
0 no suspense at all .
1 the performances were very good by everyone although at times laurie seemed a bit over-dramatic .
1 but all in all it is a good movie with mindless killing and a killer clown .
0 the gore is so over-the-top its difficult to find it even remotely offensive .
0 ca n't find any redeemable quality about it whatsoever .
1 a truly brilliant performance and an enjoyable film .
0 the scenes showing ridiculous ninja powers are hilarious , but far too few to save this movie .
0 other than few good dialog there is nothing in this movie .
0 i did not care about any of the characters .
1 having revisited the film 30 years later i find that i have been able to follow the subtleties of the plot more easily .
0 there has been for many years an idea that madonna could act but she ca n't .
0 trust me , save your money and time , and watch infernal affairs , even if you have watched it already .
0 i cant believe how bad this movie was , what the point of this movie ? ? ?
0 more than anything , someone needed to really a ) edit the screenplay b ) edit the film .
0 acting was mostly hammy , especially the spanish cast .
1 i give it a 10 .
0 unfortunately , the whole film is so misconceived and lifeless there 's little camp entertainment value to its mess .
0 i wasted my time .
0 you 've already passed all the highlights and you will have spared yourself the suffering of sitting through some of the worst acting in recent history .
1 ok , it 's not great art , but this one , with it 's in-joke dialogue and over-the-top gruesome stuff was our favorite of the evening .
1 five minutes of being really loved is worth whatever risks you have to take .
0 it was so poorly written that the only way this movie could have been made worth watching is to simply rewrite it - completely .
0 the plot thickens when the woman finds her aunt 's diary and learns that she was about to marry a preacher , but then dumped him for a satanist !
0 boring , long even at only 92 minutes , crap .
1 this is typical for this movie ; no one listens to the other , and this is brilliantly played by the best actors we have in holland .
0 little britain may make you smirk from time to time but essentially this is the most god awful piece of crap imaginable .
1 i have seen this film probably a dozen times since it was originally released theatrically .
0 one of the worst films to come out of denmark ...
1 l britain is very funny -- a bit more male kissing than i care to see -- but the skits are very well done .
0 stay away from this turkey .
0 `` begotten '' loses it 's charm shortly after it begins .
1 we are unfamiliar with the relationship between alexei and marie , but immediately take it as a loving one .
1 if you really want to enjoy this movie please leave all of your expectations somewhere and watch it with a clear mind .
0 there are n't many other unanswered questions as the characters beyond the boy and the lead are very one-dimensional .
0 maybe this is part of the problem but i doubt if it can account for all the problems with this film .
0 disappointing on the whole despite some very good scenes .
0 there is so much happening on the screen , you simply wo n't believe !
1 the film also addresses the real reasons why people are afraid to admit homosexuality is real and normal .
1 also the use of animation works perfectly .
1 the godfather this film is n't , but as a horror movie it 's top-notch , except for some minor issues i had .
1 his signature bass and percussion gets your heart pumping during action sequences , while the melodies bring a softness to intimate moments .
0 this movie is really awful .
0 maybe it was the musical score or the director himself , but one thing is for sure the make-up artist needs to get another job !
0 `` smiley face '' is a mindless observation of vapid stupidity and a waste in more ways than one .
0 -- some are excellent , some are pretty lame , 2 .
1 everything else is electric , with a warped sense of playfulness that only polanski can deliver .
1 this is a really great fun film that deals with some of the aspects of time travel into the past .
0 one of the few movies i have actually not been able to watch due to lameness .
0 none of the cast is worth mentioning but i 'll mention one , the main `` cast member '' , as none can act in the slightest .
1 line after line , he delivers , and the jokes get funnier as the movie goes on .
0 the fx are so bad they 're not even laughable .
1 what it sets out to do - just be a cross-country riot - it does beautifully !
1 the songs are to the most part quite pleasant 50s oldies , so no harm done .
1 although the acting is undeniably cagney it still shows a range not possible in his hoodlum roles .
0 something becomes so popular that i decide it just ca n't be anything worthwhile , and then i find myself doing a complete 180 .
1 i just figured out the best interpretation : by being aware of time , life slows tremendously and becomes excruciatingly boring , as this movie illustrates beautifully !
1 it contains some of the best actors possible .
1 they truly set a masterful tone for such a movie , so subtle yet keeps you on the edge when needed .
0 add to this stereotypical sounds effects , latin americans who speak english with one another , and a villain that just disappears from the story .
0 obviously made to cash in on baby boomer sentiments .
0 you 'll never look at your dog the same way again .
0 my wife does n't like this film , she hates the main character and she finds his actions to be at times , stupid and irrational .
0 i thought , hey this could be interesting , then i found out how absolutely , insanely , ridiculously stupid it really was .
1 as for the ride itself , i could tell it was pretty dated but it was still fantastic .
0 it 's so annoying watching him criticizing everything and everyone that you just want to punch him right through the screen .
1 i am sure that this series was made with a budget that anticipated both export and dvd sales and it really feels as if no expense was spared .
1 every one who i no who watched it loved it !
1 but when you see this movie you will see that the plot really is not so vague or weak , for it is actually very deep .
1 this one is a very solid randolph scott western .
0 the screenplay was poor , the acting was terrible and the effects , well there were no effects .
0 the atmosphere of the movie is bad - i could only think when it would finish and i turned it off half way .
1 and although this storyline may seem trite now , this was a huge hit , putting haines and crawford in a college football story .
0 the story is messy , and absolutely frustrating to understand .
1 powerful lessons are taught about love and caring for our children .
0 there are plenty of scenes with nudity and sex , but they are clearly jumped into too fast .
0 just listening to the dialog left a horrible taste of sour milk in my mouth .
0 it seems to drag on with it 's dry , dull writing .
0 director tony scott does his best as do the cast , but the problem still lies in an unconvincing scenario .
0 `` pressure point '' lacks pressure from start to finish and makes no point other than to burn time .
0 do n't waste your time .
1 though some shocking claims in the movie about the country are exaggerated and inaccurate , disturbing scenes captured reveal realities that can never be denied exist .
1 amusing , pleasant , funny , a great romantic comedy .
0 the special effects are worse than can be believed in this day .
1 the costumes , the special effects , all help to compliment this already beautiful piece of filmmaking .
1 nick has still got it in terms of being able to demonstrate both charm and psychosis .
1 it 's not over the top , but believable and just makes the whole thing better and more interesting .
0 it puzzles me to read the few favorable lines on this film ...
1 the only flaw this movie has is some consider its first 20 minutes rather slow .
1 robert walker plays a very believable maniac .
1 this film should be on any list of the all time best westerns .
1 i 've seen him in several movies where he has played a variety of roles , from thug to doctor and he has the stuff !
0 the screenwriter should have been shot instead of this movie .
0 not even to make fun of it or see how bad it really is .
0 i 'll give it a bank busting 1 out of 10
0 eric roberts and sam j. jones on the other hand seem totally embarrassed , as they should be .
1 joe dante directed a number of fun movies to watch .
1 many superlatives have already been said , and deservedly so , about this excellent film .
1 if you do find a copy of this somewhere , you might want to put it up on amazon.com .
1 yes it is an adult comedy , but it is actually very cute ... especially for a serial killer and talking ghost comedy !
0 cage simply never settles into his role .
0 the camera-work is amateurish .
0 i thought , `` it could n't really be as bad as i remember , '' but it was and i fell asleep as it dragged on .
0 the main protagonist must be the worst one i have ever seen , as she does n't even have any dialog , and sleepwalks though scenes .
0 adam arkin 's speech impediment is probably the single most annoying thing in this movie .
1 love it or hate it .
1 richard widmark and thelma ritter both players with a fine record of top notch performances , are at their peak .
0 actors will suddenly sit down on the floor in the middle of a scene while talking for no reason .
0 its not bad as such , but badly made and dull .
1 these scenes are both tentative and passionate , with the most beautiful moment after he scales her balcony .
1 there may have been a few since but cooley was the first and much more emotional .
1 it 's fun to see how comic setups and situations from gregory 's girl come back in forsyth 's local hero , deeper and more fully developed .
1 it made for a great saturday afternoon movie and i highly recommend it to anyone , man or woman .
0 if you 've seen hbo 's taxi cab confessions , this is the same thing , only fictional , and not even remotely as interesting .
1 this show as good as it is is not at all for the light to medium hearted .
1 the lady from shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director , orson welles , whose last hollywood film this was for many a moon .
1 i was a little confused about the difference between the imdb 's listing of the 1915 burlesque on carmen and the 1916 version .
1 a visit by hitler in rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love , friendship , homosexuality and fascism .
0 to add to that , the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
0 a lingering , confused ending with no real point is our reward for a full runtime of a shlocky and incompetent film based on a masterpiece of cinema .
0 666 : the child is a poor mans the omen rip-off , i 'd sooner watch either the original or the remake over this any day of the week .
0 the only thing notable about this feature was the last movie duane jones appeared in .
1 make no mistake , this is no english period piece : hitokiri is extremely violent .
1 critics and fans alike can rejoice with this , the newest feature from germany 's master of low-budget scares , andreas schnaas .
0 reporter aspect is weird , never figured him out .
0 horrible , completely ridiculous with a not so slight touch of vulgarity .
0 the movie is marketed as an `` important '' social commentary about violence in cinema , but i left the movie without any new information .
1 best of all , and the reason i love it so much , is it had the guts to never be black and white !
1 the dream and fantasy sequences are not overused so prove very effective in explaining why he wants what he wants .
0 jason lee is a talented actor , but is trapped in a helpless role in this horrible `` comedy '' .
0 i could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s , but by the end it just felt forced .
0 and let me say that asia is a horrible actress and no matter what people say i do n't think she is attractive at all .
1 since then , i 've acquired the remaining episodes , and found the first 5 or 6 to be among the best television i 've ever watched .
0 good actors after a bad script and worthless story .
1 very subtle and frightening , this piece will stick with you .
0 disappointing to no belief , even for a fan of bad cinema .
0 it 's an embarrassment to the city it 's named after .
1 and how could you go wrong with the talents of pfeiffer , lange , leigh , firth , carradine and robards ?
0 he has some good moves , but the choreography for the fight scenes is awful .
0 this movie did not convince me of a woman 's physical ability to perform the types of tasks required .
1 this show is a true inspiration and filled with cleverness and humor and just outright fun , for children and adults alike .
0 actually , i 'm more embarrassed that i sat through the whole thing .
0 i hope even more that no one ever gives the hacks that made this piece of crap enough money to make another movie ever again .
0 this movie was nothing more than an insult to the intelligence and mysticism of the book .
1 a better , richer film than when i first viewed it close to 20 years ago .
0 what you 're left with is a movie that has very little worth .
0 up until the time i saw this film , i had never considered that lauren bacall was actually acting , but her performance in designing woman is atrocious .
0 this show feels like another dan brown book .
1 i have seen all of mark wahlberg 's movies , and this is the first that has earned my affection .
1 if only there were more programs like this vintage western on tv these days !
0 i mean , sure he made it himself and everything , but it 's so screechy , it just makes you want to hurl !
1 even though it is unrealistic , it is still entertaining .
0 the movie has just come to a close , and i 'm sad to say , the flick did n't exactly impress .
1 also , instead of just riding waves , we are handed more history and more personal insight to the world than before .
1 it made me happy and satisfied .
1 my only problem is that there is n't a song that is as amazing and climatic as breaking free .
1 on the surface it 's rather simple but underneath it deals with emotions greater than life itself .
0 not unconventional , not daring , not bold , not boring , just stupid .
0 the accents and pronunciation are lousy and the acting is simply appalling .
1 all in all , this is a fine anthology film .
0 this has gone so far round again that 's somehow it 's so bad it 's terrible .
0 while the film had lots of potential , poor execution turns it into a b-grade soap-opera .
1 as much a poignant character study on guilt and memory , as it is a stark piece of survival grit , the red tent deserves a larger audience .
1 its one thing to act but its another to have passion in your acting and dancing .
1 a movie that reaches and touches its audience for many reasons and on many levels .
0 at the same time , the way this film sounds so poorly heard , i got sleepy only 20 minutes into the thing .
1 to know that this film is based on a true story and watching jeffrey dahmer brutally murder his victims is enough to bring a tear to my eye .
0 i admit to liking the occasional t & a flick , but i ca n't stand the setup they use here and like so many others have before .
1 there is little more that i would like to say about this movie than it really can touch your heart if you let it .
1 and the music by max steiner says it all ; fidelity , bravery and integrity .
1 recovery is an incredibly moving piece of work , handling the devastating effects of brain injury on not only the individual , but the entire family .
0 the lead character scott is absolutely boring ; maybe the actor has felt the turkey he was hired to work .
0 i really feel bad for the writer and director .
0 i have to say that this is indeed one of , if not the worst movie i have ever seen .
1 and seeing an irishman , liam neeson , playing a classic redneck hillbilly is worth seeing it all by itself .
0 it 's a really long , barely credible , hardly lucid conversation between three guys on one set .
0 the sound editing was horrible .
0 half the characters spend half the time not knowing what is happening around them .
1 8 of 10 .
0 2/10 and that was only because the beginning was funny !
0 character development appears static , and the characters seem like chess pieces on an abandoned chess board , thereby earning a rank of 3 .
0 slackers is just another teen movie that 's not really worth watching .
0 grade : d
1 factor in the performances of jesse eisenberg and owen kline and this may be the most well-acted movie i 've seen in a couple of years .
1 he is filled with genuine power and ruthlessness as we see all at once how ivan earned his nickname .
1 but it is a b-movie , and this has proudly made it 's way into my top 5 in slashers .
0 the characters are the predictable mix of lord of the rings nerds and star trek enthusiasts .
1 well worth your time and money , if you have the opportunity to see this , please go .
1 this series is well acted , well shot , and makes a refreshing change to most of the pap on tv .
0 this in an epic waste of time and money .
0 i can only see the julian character -- as rendered -- as selfish , petty , and totally condescending .
1 the character 's movement and interacting is done really good and with eye for detail .
0 i was so sick of this needy , whiny child that i did n't care if they made it home or not .
0 the whole thing is a clumsy , ham-fisted effort and your money would be better spent elsewhere .
0 the scenes consist of nothing but talking heads .
1 so , rather charmingly , they decide that however hip they seem and wish to appear , deep down they are as old fashioned as you and me !
0 hair , the movie based on the broadway hit , fails to achieve any redeemable cinematic qualities .
1 hallmark endeavors to protect us from foreign foes by undermining our own culture ; the one that feeds and sustains them .
0 overall , a trashy movie with terrible acting .
0 so what is really `` good '' about this bad movie ?
0 the constant and brutal attempts at comedy are painful .
1 clint eastwood has created a masterpiece of film .
0 but i had to give up after about 36 minutes of this .
0 put in a bunch of second rate john mcclane style one-liners to try and give the hero some personality .
0 the fact that you 're watching a small group of middle-aged people in the woods is really unbearable .
0 i felt so bad for the ladies involved .
0 it 's a mere 70 minutes and does n't feature many sets , and the only star is barbara stanwyck .
1 again , even though there is a lot more heavier stuff coming from hollywood , for dutch standards , its pretty wild .
0 in fact , only about 1/10 of the film actually takes place in the mine .
0 but what comes at the end of this film will really make you regret you stepped into this .
0 and then the most overused cliché lines you ever heard ?
0 the editing in this film is in fact so bad that a friend had to explain to me what was happening while we watched it .
0 while the plot is possibly believable , i think a 15 year old could come up with more content for a 1/2 hour show .
0 if you 're looking for an intelligent treatment of teen homosexuality , it 's best to look elsewhere .
0 in the end , we get a collection of loosely fitting , confusing , boring scenes about the reaction of poles to one of their greatest tragedies of wwii .
1 the end result is a fantastic parody of eighties trash television .
1 the plot is very good , very bizarre and extreme , which makes it a good black comedy .
1 one of my all-time favourite movies .
1 and when , as with all good films the end came around i felt sadness at the loss of that connection .
0 it was so horrible i couldnt stand it another minute and we left early .
1 somethings got ta give is n't going to change your life , but it 's a pleasant enough way to spend a couple of hours .
0 true this one was made in 1992 so it may deserve some of the credit but nonetheless it is n't gripping at all .
1 enjoy a great old time classic film .
0 like kurtwood smith himself says , « he 's understandable , not likable » .
1 it brings the simple story of a charming stubborn old man to the forefront and allow us to reflect and feel what life is all about .
0 first of all , i 'm going to assume that a long time passed while they were in the attic , hiding from the bugs .
0 this is another one of those movies i wanted to walk out on , but i paid for it so i cant bring myself to do it .
0 if the premise is not absurd enough , we get treated to three generations of insignificant characters and a whole lot of desert nature .
0 and all the movie seems to teach is that being superficial and shallow is the best way to `` get on '' in life .
1 all set amongst the splendid flowers and apparent tranquility that is southern england .
1 there is a lot to like about this gritty little film .
1 if you like naked gun films and are not young and not too mature or serious on your humor , you 'll love this .
0 the dream child represents the death of a legend , and the shattering of any hope i had in the nightmare on elm st. series .
0 i would 've given this movie five stars , but the music playing killed it for me .
1 it does n't matter how many times you watch an episode , you can find something you missed the first five times .
0 it however gets really , really tasteless when the main character has a flashback of how his girlfriend died .
0 characters inexplicably will not keep the camera still .
0 oh dear , this is one of the most worst tv shows i 've ever seen .
0 but believe me guys : this one has nothing to offer .
0 it amazes me that someone would actually consider spending some money on a movie like this .
1 cw canceled aquaman in favor of runaway and hidden palms which i think they will probably regret .
0 not just for defamation of character , but also for being associated with such a second rate piece of hackwork .
0 this just reinforced the horrible stereotype of the 1930s that slavery `` was n't that bad '' !
1 and when joan tears off the black wig at the end to show that blazing red hair it hits new heights of camp !
1 this film just epitomizes how short subjects were on their last dying breaths during this time and how little effort went into making them .
0 enter alexandra paul , whose character , while important to the plot , is there solely to be the love interest for the father .
0 any resemblance to the book is strictly for market appeal .
1 this movie , even though it was animated , was serious , realistic , and had a great plot .
0 add this to the creepy scenes at the funeral home and the useless peripheral character
1 the real life challenge for both father and son had been met .
1 gable and lombard ended up being a real treat for me to watch .
1 it is a pleasure to see such creativity on tv again .
0 action scene 's with no real thrill , pathetic little attempts at comic relief .
1 i like to avoid preconceptions and expectations and just let the material unfold before me like life does .
1 it is very similar to `` the wedding planner '' , but is still it 's own movie .
0 i would n't recommend this movie to anyone , ever , under any circumstances .
1 this is a great movie that i think many would not be able to handle but for the few who can i think it really delivers .
0 surprisingly , i expected this movie to have some action scenes but it had very little of it .
1 forget the over-rated `` batman begins , this is the ultimate batman movie that you are not gon na want to miss out on .
1 the film is very well photographed and directed ; lewis milestone has wonderful sets , and stages scenes beautifully .
0 you can be as big a believer as you want ... the majority of this film is mindless drivel .
0 all in all , i really do n't get why people are raving this film so much , it 's long-winded , dire , depressing and frustrating .
0 this is amateurish , unfunny and annoying .
1 so , for what its worth , drive-in massacre does have an audience , just not a wide one .
0 i thought that this movie was suppose to be great , but it was n't more than a cheesy waste of time .
1 angel wings wonderful , on the real angel .
1 this series was one of the best of its time .
0 after his few weeks holiday in thailand money ran out , the director packed his bags and went home with nothing .
1 what can you say except , see this picture again .
0 the music was horrid , i know i already said something but it was really bad .
1 the two main characters , michael and rory strike up a friendship , when rory is introduced to the care home that michael already resides .
0 frankly , it ruins the entire movie .
0 there are a handful of moments where you will laugh out loud , but the storyline fails to hold your interest in between .
1 i saw the movie in the summer between high school and college and , being a performer myself , it holds a special place in my heart .
1 i was actually able to watch another south korean film but christmas in august caught my attention more .
1 even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far sandler has come , and just how low he can go .
1 i 've watched this film a number of times on tv , and each time found it most enjoyable .
1 this movie works , because it touch it , it 's a great story because it 's a small one .
0 this show is appalling to watch and can be addictive .
1 i know the editing was clumsy and they cut out so many scenes that sometimes it did n't make any sense , but it is such a fun movie .
1 it was an excellent movie , much better than anything that came before or after it .
1 gerard depardieu acts very great in this comedy film , he is so fun to watch .
1 seven out of ten stars .
1 it 's a photographic treat to follow his intrepid endeavors from the safety of our personal viewing zone .
1 this time kevin is not forgotten at home .
0 things follow the expected path until about 15 minutes before the end , when the only likable character is killed off and the anti-hero is blamed .
0 thought i just might get a few laughs from this long drawn out film , but was sadly disappointed .
1 as a reader , please connect to this film via your video store .
1 filled with an overwhelming sense of dread throughout , ulmer and his on form leading men have crafted a superb study of character evil .
0 this is a complete waste of time and money , for you , me , the producers , writers , actors , and the director .
0 you never get the sense any of the characters are in danger and all attempts to build up suspense are completely wasted .
1 the ending was n't twisty , but it was still excellent .
1 here von stroheim first establishes his persona as `` the man you love to hate . ''
1 dustin hoffman and meryl streep won their first of two oscars respectively for this film , her in the supporting actress category .
1 this film was clearly inspired by deliverance , as so many other films about the outdoors are .
1 sublime at some points , triumphant at others , it was the final piece that made this film a joy to watch .
0 i 'm not even gon na go into the action bits ...
0 diesel can deliver the action and stunts solidly but he 's so annoying when it comes to dialog and comedy moments .
1 it 's as good as any film from the genre and easily one of the best films i 've seen all year .
1 this close contact , in my estimation , is what finally broke down the barriers of prejudice and allowed the straight world to finally accept gays as equals .
0 finally , we have the hideous way that people treat each other , as though it 's all funny .
1 you can always be guaranteed in a takashi miike movie of seeing things that you 've never seen before .
1 for my money , probably the best film - or at least the most purely cinematic film - director ford ever made .
1 i do n't know , something about this film did n't do so well , but i love it .
1 this film lasts almost 3 hours , going through wells ' story in welcome detail .
1 if anyone wants to disagree with me - great - maybe i missed something - it 's been a long time since i 've seen it .
1 every character in this film , no matter how brief of a role , has a depth that hollywood films wish they could emulate .
1 all three seem well-cast and bring the full weight of their skill and experience to their roles .
0 as a piece of drama this offered absolutely nothing in terms of interest or entertainment .
0 harbour is a bit of a masochist , and does nothing to protect himself from wilbur 's venom .
0 depending on the dvd menu you have , try to skip it and save your time .
1 i did n't think the story would be anything original , but that the dialogue would be snappy and the scenes would move along at a satisfying pace .
0 whatever the reason was , though , this movie was a very bad choice for anyone involved .
0 the only reason 's to watch this movie are for some carnage and because of robert englund 's gleeful performance .
1 the film does carry melodrama to more extreme lengths than i believe i have ever seen on screen before .
1 blackadder should be seen by everyone , as it is a comedy of many colours .
1 all in all , i had a hell of a time watching this and i would go and see it again soon and i will buy it on dvd .
1 whether the viewer 's interest is political , religious , personal or educational , saving marriage is a must see .
1 i thought it was the funniest movie i had ever seen .
1 grand canyon reminds you that every action you take , whether intended or not , has powerful repercussions .
0 dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot .
1 i am very happy also because it is italian , and i was afraid that italian directors and producers were not enough brave to change themes .
0 the whole thing is just bad , bad , bad .
1 full of hilarious one liners or lines that make you just howl with laughter .
1 set just before the second world war , this is a touching and understated romantic story that is loosely based on a real event .
0 this was absolutely terrible .
0 the plot is too ridiculous to describe further .
0 how can we give damn about the fate of anyone in these stories ?
0 this movie is way too religious and preachy and is really unrealistic .
1 the summary is , as imdb describes , a young man 's journey to the ukraine to follow his roots and find the village where his father grew up .
1 however , mr. bean is , hands down , the greatest sitcom of the 1990s .
1 i saw this movie 6 times and i still am not tired of it .
1 because this is a canadian film , and because it is one of my favorites , i give this movie a 10 out of 10 !
1 `` race for your life '' is much lighter in tone , while `` bon voyage , charlie brown '' is more shallow .
1 this hilarious classic cartoon can be found on disc two of the spotlight collection dvd of `` tom & jerry '' my grade : a
1 the real role of families : they can help or they can destroy us .
1 blair underwood was a pleasant surprise , i did n't really expect anything great from him , but he pulled off a great performance .
0 it would have been good if the director would have had more friends with more locations , because this thing gets pretty tedious after the first 15 minutes .
0 it 's a wooden statue of christ , a demonic christ , maybe already overcome by evil , or fighting against it , or perhaps planning dark deeds .
1 overall , it 's involving story complete with drama , suspense , humor and sadness .
0 it 's not even unintentionally funny .
1 it was always sitting on the shelves alone , until one day i decided to try something new for a change , and got this game .
1 it was a great comedy that had me laughing all the way through .
1 i have to say this is better than most syfy outings , but that is n't saying much .
0 i think the movie did n't work because you had antagonists you were supposed to hate , along with protagonists you were n't supposed to hate .
1 roberto is superb once more !
1 let 's get one thing straight , this gets an 7 out of 10 not on a normal scale , but out of the bad movie scale .
0 quite one of the worst films i have ever seen .
0 anyone who is interested in seeing this , stop being interested .
1 each story is a facet of the jewel that is this film .
1 excellent voice acting and characterization in both japanese and the dubbed english .
1 i love monte carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie .
1 as it ends up happening with altman there are scenes that get cut into other scenes , perfectly , without a beat missed .
0 so much talent and work went into something so vile .
0 although there were n't many songs , the songs i heard were just ghastly .
0 the ballet scene in the film 's beginning is especially ludicrous .
1 music goes along with the movie just great , it just right , it sets the perfect mood for the viewer .
1 this movie is filled with a man talking about showing you a more complex character than has been seen in many movies .
1 the touching moments , the harsh reality of prejudice , and the outcome of honest sacrifice makes this film profound .
1 fred durst directs the film as a nostalgic throwback to a forgotten era .
0 raft tries hard to be the nice guy but the script gives the character no depth .
1 gene kelly is in a serious role here , but gets plenty of chances to dance and sing .
1 the reason this movie got bad reviews on here is because it 's a cookie cutter film , not because we dislike christians .
1 i really reccomend this movie and if anyone has any info about how i can get a copy then let me know .
0 this liberal comic is anything but , as he pours his cutting `` humor '' down the throats of impressionable youths .
0 this was the biggest load of racism trying to pass as legitimate film since `` birth of a nation '' .
0 ocean 's 12 starts off on annoying and gets worse from there on .
0 danny devito is a man who has inherited penguin characteristics as a baby , and grown up to become a hideous and ugly ... thing !
1 it was so esoteric , & yet one of a handful of movies that remains with you for a long time .
1 a superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious russian serial killer andrea chikatilo .
0 in efforts to make his bates seem innocent , vaughn ends up acting gay .
1 but besides the plot this movie was filmed in beautiful and real egyptian locations that make a great and unusual atmosphere all around .
0 # 2- how can film makers be so stupid to think canada can be passed off as ireland ?
0 it serves no function whatsoever except to show will farrell 's testicles because farrell , who co-wrote the script with director adam mckay , thinks it is funny .
1 i was 9 went it was released and i still have more emotional attachment to it than any other movie of childhood , even over rocky or star wars .
0 this movie pretty much consists of a good idea but crappy development .
1 everybody needs to see especially the people in this world that take everything for granted , watch this movie , it will change you !
0 no one really cares about any of it .
1 anyone who has ever enjoyed a marilyn monroe movie is simply watching second best - harlow was the original `` blonde bombshell '' - and is still the best .
0 he is just as lost as the audience , in a world of indian dialects .
0 it 's gory but the violence is just too much to the point where it looks extremely fake and predictable .
1 that is something you wo n't find in any other movie .
1 the sun ra devotee will love it and it serves as a good introduction to the world of sun ra for those unfamiliar with his work as well .
0 it 's 1.5 hours of your life that you will never get back .
0 i feel really terrible for the companies that sponsored this .
1 but if you do , you might have just discovered what you 'll see as the funniest thing ever .
0 the transformations were basically nil .
1 gregory harrison and olivia newton-john were brilliant in their roles .
1 but if you are a jeffrey combs fan , this one is worth checking out .
0 it 'd be terrible to see the greatest sf drama in the history of television turned in to something like this
1 it will not suffer on the small screen either so catch it on dvd !
1 cunningham is a compelling character in that he seems to have been raised to do whatever he can to obtain status and the affection of the marquis .
0 but being a 70s made-for-tv movie , you know everything is going to work out fine in the end not that you really care or anything .
0 having become interested after slowly being drawn in , by the tease of what was to come i battled through poor acting and sets , for the end finale .
0 unfortunate for both him and the viewer , their lack of common sense is staggering .
1 anyways this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eyes and seeing the light .
1 one of those rare gems that are actually highly enjoyable with a few friends and a few drinks in .
0 they tried , but it was a miserable , miserable failure .
1 you not only see , but feel the struggles of the family and how hard they work no matter the odds , with strength and determination .
0 why are we looking at jackie cooper 's back as he calls for lois and clark ?
1 i 've only seen it once , yet i still remember it , and thanks to imdb , i finally found the info on it .
0 the acting is , well , perhaps about dinner theater comparable , and the accents are atrocious .
0 but `` vengo '' left me cold : too much mediocre acting , far too much melodrama , and far too little flamenco for my taste .
0 i ca n't even come to terms to why mgm would waste 16 million dollars on this movie .
1 it is just so much fun .
1 hey , i saw this with my wife -- not a baseball fan -- and she loved it as much as i did .
1 for those who 've never had to face the question , this series `` sneaks in '' that message under the guise of pure action entertainment .
0 now make him try to talk like the most famous pirate ever and have him do it very badly .
0 honestly i am not even joking when i say that this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen !
0 the film was just one beautiful tragic scene after another , with no involving narrative thread and no humanity .
1 even though disappointing , however , `` the monster club '' is still worth checking out for its superb cast .
0 the girl just happens to be the daughter of an important general which makes gere 's chances of survival all the less .
1 weird story , indeed , that makes you think a bit .
0 probably the only thing that got the movie up to a four for me is the fact that i love peter falk .
0 that major flaw in jewel 's scheme is really the only entertainment to found found in this stinker .
1 a servant in a proper english household would have maintained just such a demeanor , but she speaks passionately when overcome with emotion .
0 i can not imagine anybody enjoying this film , so banal is the script and so lacking is the plot .
1 the second half of the film is the best and that 's really when the film gets exciting and karloff gets a chance to shine .
1 stanwyck and morgan are perfectly cast in what is , in many ways , a modern equivalent of dickens ' christmas carol in its sensibility .
0 since this film does not play to any of their strengths , why bother with it ?
1 martin gets a lot of droll dialogue that he delivers to perfection .
0 the acting , if you call it that was beyond painful , more painful than the so called pain that was inflicted on the hapless victims of the piranha .
0 everything is equally bland .
1 believable sets and costumes , good sword fighting and a beautiful female warrior , mila make this an enjoyable watch .
1 i do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the us or if you beg hard enough you will receive .
0 the words are just gibberish really .
0 since all the characters are slackers of one variety or another , it makes it appear that the entire town of full of nothing but weirdos .
1 its hard to think of another series that boasts so much intelligence , sublime writing or first rate performances .
0 he dresses ratso the same way ; he tires to make them fit into the new society they are entering , but it is to no avail .
0 but this movie has nothing to commend itself .
1 it is funny and sweet and just all-around fun .
1 i 'd be hard pressed to say what is it that makes this film so important to me .
1 i 've only seen about a half dozen films starring lino ventura , but this one seems very much like the others .
1 let me just say this first of all : best .
0 truly a disaster film .
0 michelle pfeiffer , lovely as she is , is never convincing .
0 logic is non-existent .
0 actually , nothing could be much at all , because the storyline was so repetitive and the script was so lame .
0 if you 're handed a copy give it back , the film is n't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable .
1 paul winfield should have won an award for his awesome performance in this movie .
1 this movie is an all-time favorite of mine .
0 top it off with an uninteresting storyline for the characters , particularly john leguizamo 's , and you get a nice film to fall asleep by .
1 an excellent `` sleeper '' of a movie about the search for carlos the international assassin .
0 the score was not bad , but the songs simply reeked .
0 now a couple give fairly plausible performances , but then there were the bad actors , who seemed to have no emotions whatsoever when people died .
0 one to avoid , even vampire fans might find it hard sitting through this .
0 frances mcdormand is the only reason to watch this film and even she was n't nearly enough .
0 hence , there is no coherent storyline , but just episodes of events that filmmakers think are fun to film .
1 the music is just right , and climaxes at just the right points .
1 absolutely riveting from beginning to end and it really is a must-see even if you are n't a fan of the documentary genre .
0 about 5 minutes into the film my friends and i were doing the mst3k thing to make it more bearable .
0 you sit there , just waiting for their reaction , and then some jerk closes the scenes with two lame sentences and bang .
0 the jokes are weak and tired , and not even seeing wilson 's naked behind can redeem any part of this film .
1 for in addition to death and illness , `` wilbur '' also deals with the less tragic topics of adultery and unrequited love .
0 all in all i rate it four out of ten , i 've seen worse movies than this , but i would n't spend money on this one again .
1 alex hanged on to hope -- we can , too .
1 filmed in beautiful color and with stunning backgrounds i found this movie to be well worth watching just for these effects alone .
1 director michael powell once stated that this was his favorite movie , and it is mine as well .
0 pretty lame and awful slasher about someone killing the members of a high school track team after their star runner dies during a meet .
0 in fact the love-story is a poor man 's version of the one in pearl harbor and that one was already poor !
1 but this movie is way better and darker than the sequel .
1 also , he meets a little girl who escaped from a train to the camps and befriends jakob who takes her in and takes care of her .
0 i was honestly expecting one of the actors to spontaneously launch into a monologue from she 's the sheriff .
0 i just saw this movie at a sneak preview and all i can say is ... '' what did i just watch ? ? ? ? ''
0 mr. bean is just a bunch of unfunny slapstick humour .
1 it then immediately watched it a second time , and really enjoyed the plot , which made a lot more sense the second time around .
1 this is rather dated , but still a fun movie , and full of hilarious moments .
0 it 's typical to stumble upon badly produced junk like this on late night tv .
1 by no means is the a great film , but for what it is & the cast it is definitely good , ratings *** 86 points imdb 8
0 i sat there stunned at how something so riveting and emotional could be drained to nothing .
0 stereotypical performances of stereotypical characters .
1 i was blown away by this film .
1 in conclusion , i highly recommend this excellent film adaptation of a classic tv show with appealing performances to any fan who has n't seen it .
0 the most wooden acting i have ever seen outside of a porn flick .
1 highly recommended .
0 `` wear this '' `` do n't smile '' `` say this '' in what amounts to controlling issues .
0 the acting is pretty labored and the story gets dumber and dumber as it progresses .
0 save your money and buy the dvd 's of the original show , but whatever you do do not go see this movie
0 even the two main characters played by david and gwen are so badly written that you really do n't care one bit about them .
0 the acting , especially from the vampires , is over the top and i just did n't find the explanations of their existence very convincing .
0 4 out of 10 , kids .
1 in my case , punishment park is stuck in me for ever , with all my love , consciousness and will .
0 the music we had to listen to was jarring and anachronistic .
0 the script which should have been ripped up before the film was made is n't funny , i did n't laugh once .
1 you will laugh , you will cry , these wonderful people will be a part of your family .
1 one of his best !
1 the movie wo n't win any oscars , but for a low-budget indie , i think the movie is excellent and definitely worth checking out .
0 this was simply awful .
1 ok , some of the acting is bad and the plot is totally unbelievable ... but i consider it one of almodovar 's best films .
1 although eddie is initially shamed by her betrayal , he eventually redeems himself and his reputation .
1 it was just a tad too juvenile , coming across as more for kids and leaving adults to just enjoy the animation .
1 pitt is like tom hanks in that he can change his appearance drastically or just enough to fit a given character , and is completely believable .
1 i know this film has had a fairly rough ride from the critics , but i have to say that i thoroughly enjoyed it .
1 however , no one 's made mention that this is film is also brilliantly crafted .
1 it was simply superb ... all aspects of the monastery life were there for us to share .
1 there is true suspense and fear generated in this portion of the story as shocking revelations and old acquaintances come back to haunt amir during his journey .
1 i just hope more people see this movie because i know that they will fall in love with it too .
0 overall i found it predictable and boring , and entertaining only in spots .
0 this one has a promising video cover and an intriguing title , but do n't be fooled .
1 this film is a fine example of what can be accomplished by the independent filmmaker .
1 after seeing this film , you may think duvall 's appearance is reincarnation at it 's best .
0 this is one of the worst films i have ever seen and i have seen some rubbish in my time .
0 the more direction an actor got , the worse he performed .
1 you will really enjoy it .
1 he gathers a group of his fellow male colleagues and forces them to listen to each other and to look at who and what they have become .
1 the ending is painful to watch , but refreshingly realistic .
1 instead of waiting in long lines for the phantom menace , rent a widescreen edition of 2001 and enjoy the greatest cinematic experience .
0 this defies any rational attempt at a logical explanation for what the film depicts as a criminal mastermind , or for his henchmen with lesser brains .
1 the main story line revolves around repressed memories that gradually emerge , everything in this movie is dark from the story to the camera work ... a classic .
0 i was very disappointed in this film .
0 the acting is bad , but is nothing like as bad as the script , which itself pales before the production values .
0 it 's all pointless elaboration of the weakest variety ; it has no effect on the outcome .
1 all the characters from the show and those actors that played the characters on the tv show are all here .
0 sure , her husband left her , but how anyone can laugh at the way she treated george as a baby is beyond me .
1 congratulations to all concerned with this exceptional movie .
1 what we see is at times distressing and very unpleasant , but there is a surreal dreamlike beauty in there .
0 i mean what is with the fake mack 10 dude and who 's ever heard of hacker trying to kill themselves .
0 he plays tony off of frank until it catches up with him in a scene that marks the exit from the film of both frank and mel .
1 its very funny from beginning to end !
1 even though the character is meant to be despised , i could n't help but to be very convinced and interested in his sick , demented , psychotic mind .
0 no emotion .
1 this is an awesome movie , cant wait to buy it on blu ray .
0 the direction and production is so amateur , i would n't even hire these people to shoot my worst enemies wedding video .
0 all in all i give it 3 out of 10 - & am having second thoughts about that !
1 anyone who wants a more balanced and adult point of view should see ronald coleman in `` a tale of two cities . ''
0 it runs all over the map and is n't clear about what its saying at all .
0 this movie is supposed to be a comedy but in fact it is just a mess .
0 despite the long running time the characters remain fairly under-developed , we do not care about them in the slightest & in most cases are longing for their demise .
1 the audience can not possibly expect how this movie turns out , thus achieving the rare quality of total suspense .
0 the only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance from ken campbell , one of my favourite occasional actors .
0 he 's burying his father 's hard-earned name with a series of senseless movies which is bringing yash raj films to an all-time low .
0 jason biggs and lindsey sloane were actually better but they had only supporting roles .
0 naturally , there 's is n't the slightest bit of suspense to enjoy and every dreadful horror cliché features here as well .
1 and , for the record , i still watch 'it 's a wonderful life ' , though many have gotten sick of it , sad to say .
0 he cuts the fresh meat off his back , that again , is not frozen or even cold it appears , and this scene goes on for five minutes .
0 really bad .
0 one girl in particular seemed incredibly disinterested through the whole thing and delivered such a lack-luster performance it was almost funny .
0 it just made it all seem less real and the filmmaker was trying too hard to be `` ghetto '' ... it just does n't work .
1 i happen to be in the history business , in a way , and was surprised at how good this still was .
1 this was the most funniest movie i have ever seen in my uncles house .
1 do not expect anything , like i said , just see it for yourself and you know what i mean .
1 this film may look a little dated today , but the fear factor is still strong .
0 to me , this show has no redeeming qualities whatsoever , and it 's nothing special from any other show on tv .
1 and this one had me guessing up to the end .
0 but much to my disappointment it proved to be one of the most pointless films i 've ever watched .
0 there are n't very many movies where after i 've watched them i 've wanted my time and/or money back , but unfortunately this was one of them !
0 unfortunately this movie never reaches an acceptable quality as a drama movie , nor as an action movie , but falls in between as unsuccessful in both genres !
1 if you like more than simple action movies , you like this one as well .
0 i viewed the film a second and third time and it still did n't do anything for me .
0 if you are tempted to watch this movie , rip your eyeballs out and flush them down the toilet .
1 i enjoyed each minute of it and guessed the ending half way through the movie -- but that did not disappoint me at all .
0 it looks like everyone had a good time making this film , but the only real reason to see it is for cathy lee crosby .
1 i have written pbs and explained my disapproval and they simply tell me that new ideas are refreshing .
1 the many levels and options for weapons mean that this is one of the best games around for years .
1 the hilarious image of the royal family teetering on the brink of the roof of buckingham palace made christmas day 2005 a particularly joyous one for me !
0 it 's just a really bad movie and i figured it out and stopped watching .
0 `` campfire stories '' has no scares , no humor , and over all , no redeeming value whatsoever .
1 i have yet to learn why this superb drama has never been taken out of the archives and released on dvd .
0 literally nothing happens .
0 all of the scene changes consisted of cgi pic of castles , but none of the scenes took place in a castle so it did n't make any sense .
0 there is no depth to either of their characters .
1 because having deniro in the cast adds immediate credibility and makes you want to watch the movie .
1 the chemistry between these two is very electric and gives the film an extra bit of flavour .
1 the story lacks a few parts , but it is an interesting take on a fascinating piece of history .
1 as many say , potter seems the blonde roberts , but she 's very much a match in talent as well .
0 sure , i 've seen worse movies , but this was incredibly disappointing .
1 i 'm not a big musical fan , but this is one of the few i really love .
0 it feels like director doris wishman , or any of the producers involved , do n't even want you to care about the plot .
0 the super sexy b movie actress has another bit part as future `` goodfellas '' star ray liotta 's girlfriend in this box office bomb .
1 the boat chase is as good as it gets in the action zone .
0 few films in my life have i seen women horribly relegated to the ranks of gorgeous but mindless scenery .
1 knowing nothing about skateboarding i was very surprised that i found this documentary so interesting .
1 i 'd say , sit back , relax , do n't think too much and watch it for what its worth .
1 the way the film presented moments of artistic passion and disappointment in the writer were truly intense and well interpreted .
1 man 's castle is grim look at the great depression , not the usual movie escapist fare for those trying to avoid that kind of reality in their entertainment .
1 funny games us is a motion picture study of two young psychopaths and the pain , suffering , and ends they inflict .
0 there 's some fun in seeing frankenstein and dracula duff each other up , i suppose , but other than that there 's little to hold the attention .
1 it never becomes overly sentimental , but at the same time all these characters are real and completely believable , just incredibly vivid characterizations .
0 what made it even more pathetic was some of the actions performed by the placid characters .
0 if the guy was so infected , why did n't he show even one sign of it ?
0 read the book or rent the paltrow version instead
1 `` kalifornia '' is one of my all-time favourite movies , and it easily could be labeled as one of the best psychological thrillers of the 90 ` s .
1 a hard but realistic film which deserves one 's mental efforts .
0 the movie seemed to just plod along without much in the way of action .
0 the story is from the garbage can of hollywood , and the characters are uninteresting to boot .
1 there are scenes in this movie that poker buffs are sure to refer to as some of the best gambling scenes ever .
1 do not miss this when it comes around again , i know i wo n't .
0 it is quite possibly the worst film i have ever witnessed .
0 a ) the idea behind the story defies evolution , or b ) these are n't real raptors .
0 if nothing else , i guess that it just seems sad that chase went from `` snl '' to this .
1 there is no real way that one could seriously condemn the way that these classic films are portrayed as the whole show is all in good fun .
0 summary this was a story with decent potential that just took the wrong turns with its characters and left its viewers with a bad , anti-climactic aftertaste .
0 dialogue feels too sparse and wanna-be offbeat , not to mention being so predictable and underdeveloped that it feels more like a synopsis than dialogue .
0 another of his problems was conveying the messages in the story .
0 there are indeed several twists in the plot , but all of them are predictable and absolutely unable to make the film a little interesting .
0 this was a movie i never even wanted to watch .
0 only very few good songs and a lot of absolutely terrible songs .
0 the only standout was james morrison .
0 even so , the viewer seems not to come to a particularly satisfying place .
1 an extraordinarily vibrant and engaging neo-realist film in truly magnificent color .
0 i give it 3 out of ten and i ` m being very kind
0 he gave the kind of hackneyed over the top performance that i have to come to expect from once fine actors such as al pacino .
1 jazz aficionados will treasure this classic short showing some of the best men of jazz just doing their thing .
1 he comes across as a good natured guy pearce appearing at some provincial theater rather than a haunted character from a victorian novel .
0 neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie .
0 it was disjointed with random cuts from the main story to kids in a skate park , the story it 's self made no sense .
0 i am all for preventing global warning , but this was over the top political and environmental junk .
0 he was weak , his voice was laughable , and he just did n't represent the image that i had in my mind .
0 the acting and i use that term very lightly is downright awful .
0 the film has a handful of decent moments and it 's worth tracking down as a companion piece to the original ; but it 's not very good unfortunately .
1 combine that with a tremendous ability by the filmmaker to compose the pictures and you are in for sensational treat .
1 thus , herzog succeeds here with the approach he initially planned and then abandoned in fata morgana .
1 but as time changes on , people will always remember the good times .
1 the magnificent cinematography is highlighted by the restored image of the dvd .
1 the china syndrome once again became a relevant movie .
1 this really is a masterpiece .
1 overall i recommend this movie to anyone that likes teen movies such as the breakfast club , ca n't hardly wait , and sixteen candles .
0 if your not , this entire series is as i say , drivel dripping with gravy .
0 whether this was down to bad acting or a bad script i 'm not sure , but it only heightened my disappointment and boredom levels .
1 donate this to pbs .
0 the situations are cringeworthy and shallow and completely boring and predictable .
0 this movie may have been good if there was actual acting in it but there was n't any .
1 it will not only touch your heart but it 's such a good family friendly film -- we need many more like these !
0 there 's only one great scene - the playing of the ninth .
1 this movie is in the same league as ishtar .
0 i gave it a 4 for 2 reasons only : jason is back and he keeps doing is stuff .
1 de palma once again shows his excellent directorial style and his technique for grand suspense .
1 the acting is superb , dialogs heart breaking .
1 there are of course a few episodes that do n't measure up well against the others but all in all every episode is entertaining .
1 i give it a thumbs up for this 1942 western film .
1 it is genuinely eerie and believable in a way most other flicks are not .
1 there is a striking , rare appearance by the under-rated linden travers , who makes an impact as the mysterious julie .
0 i remember when a co-worker rented this piece of & * @ @ !
0 the plot was terrible using an active volcano and people checking that out and getting killed along the way .
0 i resisted to see `` mommie dearest '' for years but last night i lost a bet and i was forced to sit through it .
0 if the film was supposed to be scary then it might work on little kids but it 's a weak effort .
1 sutherland and carlyle did a tremendous job .
0 watch cuckoo 's nest , gorillas in the mist and silence of the lambs instead .
1 she is a joy to watch , and appears to truly love playing her role .
0 pretty much nothing happens within the first hour , apart from the introduction of many bleak & uninteresting characters .
1 not a single dud in there .
0 the acting was horrible , the effects were horrible , everything was just really bad and tasteless .
1 thandie newton 's performance deserves special mention , because it helps you understand why the movie version of beloved was such a flop .
1 this film warrants viewing simply to see what can be done with next to no budget but a lot of enthusiasm .
0 i was asleep before it crossed the 40 minute mark .
1 i do n't know about 1947 , but seeing `` crossfire '' today , one knows who did it and why the minute we see the suspects .
1 i get the feeling that this was a very personal work for mr. linklater and i deeply respect him for getting this film made .
1 it was tense and it had the exact feel of what we all loved about the early fridays .
0 the film is never subtle and monica is treated to the most gratuitous violence which is cut with war action .
0 the titular disaster strikes early in the picture ; the effects are moderately snappy for a no-budget video , but never once achieve realism .
1 do n't miss it if you like to laugh !
0 what they did n't realize is that her character is simply boring !
0 breathtakingly , stunningly bad .
0 once again : bad copying only makes a bad movie worse .
1 each chapter itself is a blend of two contrasting narratives , the first continues the story with scenes from mishima 's life and appear in black and white .
0 i rate this movie with a 2 out of 10 .
0 tape it and educate yourself as to how bad a movie can be .
1 the dialogue between jim and josie is refreshing even if it is n't realistic .
1 the movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly .
1 i was quite awestruck by the production values when it first aired on nbc in late 1986 .
0 ugh , do n't waste your time on this one ...
1 more important , this film shows a dark and disturbing criminal phenomenon with both intensity and poignancy .
0 really weak .
0 i do n't know and simply i do n't care enough to engage with the debate because the film was so terrible it deserves no thought at all .
1 i genuinely enjoyed this movie .
0 the dialogue is nearly incomprehensible .
1 i think its very entertaining and have become hooked .
1 dragon dynasty 's releases up to this point are by and large superb and generally regarded as classics in asian cinema .
1 no special effects here , what you see is real !
0 well , you have to assume that , because you can only hear her scream , sort of , but it is not shown .
1 given the above , it 's a pity that , like most demille pictures of this era , the crusades is dramatically rather weak .
0 jackass number two is one of the most politically incorrect , morally degrading , and just plain wrong movies of all time , if not the most .
1 you feel the vast range of emotions portrayed along with the characters .
0 however , this movie mistakenly suggests that drifting young people have no choice but to drift in life and always choose the wrong way , so no honesty here .
1 from my country of origin , this movie has a very thrilling and is one of the best slasher films i have ever seen .
1 sir c. aubrey smith is magnificent as the holy hermit who is the spiritual leader of the crusade .
0 and all this has nothing to do with being the son of sean connery .
0 `` jackhammer massacre '' has good gore but nothing else going for it .
1 all in all if you want a movie to entertain you for 3 hours this is it .
1 this is one of my favorite episodes and , no matter how many times i 've seen it , it never fails to fascinate me .
0 it 's hamill 's baby , and he 's not charismatic enough or strong enough in this particular performance to carry it .
0 the idea of robots fighting each other is cool , but the storyline is ridiculous , real human action laughable , acting non-existent and special effects are archaic .
1 all in all , essential viewing , and a darn sight better than oliver stone 's reactionary world trade center .
1 the time is ripe to release it on dvd , kids are really interested in searching through the archives and finding original great music - they 'd love this .
0 i remember watching this film back in 86 ' when it first came out & what an awful film .
0 this cheap pos is unbelievably bad .
0 the first part of grease with john travolta and olivia newton john is one of the best movie for teens , this one is a very bad copy .
1 a fun comedy with streisand and seagal a great team .
1 the song adds an incredible emotion to the film , specially when you know what it says .
0 speaking of which , this film boasts quite possibly the most absurd musical sequence ever as an 8 month pregnant preity is seen dancing and singing !
1 the film is n't a preachy morality tale , but a wonderful story that will keep you hooked until the last .
1 as usual for disney , `` cinderella '' will only be available for a limited time .
0 watching the movie feels like watching a daytime soap opera about a murderer .
0 pretty good cast all acting pretty badly .
1 if anyone has seen `` higher learning '' , this character totally redeems that character .
1 very funny , nicely grotesque in a few points , nicely shot ... and great soundtrack !
0 it destroys any momentum and investment in the lead character set up during the otherwise exceptionally well-done first act .
0 there 's enough campy sleaze , dark humour , in-jokes and gore by seeing this uninspired picture worth a look .
0 i 'm a sucker for a good pirate movie , but this ai n't it .
1 and even though it did n't have much of a story , it was still excellent i give it a 10 and two thumbs up .
0 i hate the term `` so bad it 's good '' , but that seems to aptly describe wild rebels .
0 actors : kamal needs to slowly pull away from hard-core action sequences .
1 great acting and a great story .
1 amazing performance from simon pegg who just gets better and better with every role .
0 it is hard to capture such an eventful life as that of ray , and that is perhaps where the movie fails .
0 this is one of the worst low budget movies i have ever seen .
1 a film to be seen urgently .
0 the `` acting '' , especially by deniro and mcdormand is flat .
1 on a whole , great script , great cast , great sets and great movie !
1 benedict wong gives a mind-blowing performance here .
1 cowboy bebop deserves all the praise it receives .
1 when this film was over , i knew i had just experienced one of the most powerful cinematic masterpieces of my life .
0 shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in vancouver in canada .
1 great performances by all .
1 though i 'm not impressed with scott in ` dead man on campus , ' this film completely changes my viewpoint towards him .
1 the screenplay , the work of three talents , is witty , comedic and yet touchingly romantic .
0 the characters are unbelievable , how the act is not realistic at all and their motives are contrived .
1 doris roberts proves once again that she can do dramatic parts as well as being the mother in the comedy television show with ray romano .
1 not only do the storylines in `` the sopranos '' engage audiences from all over , but i think what brings the viewers back is the acting .
0 i am not a massive coen fan so this film did not appeal to me as it did to many other people .
0 the cinematography was crap , the editing was crap , the acting was crap .
1 bend it like beckham is a very funny feel good movie that does n't need to be deep and complex , it 's just fine as it is .
0 i can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst laurel & hardy 's .
0 it 's annoyingly episodic script with three story lines patched together is laughably bad due to predictable writing , horrific acting , and even bad music .
0 the formula script show what a severe lack of good writers there are in this industry .
1 sure the plot is unlikely , but that does n't stop one from enjoying this film .
1 another fabulous movie from catherine breillat , this time about the difficulties of shooting a sex scene in a movie .
1 mary , despite the strong fantasy element in the story , is a very believable character .
1 the acting of dennehy , lowe , ackroyd , and many others strengthen the film .
0 i absolutely hated this movie , and would never recommend it to anyone !
0 skullduggery is such a blatant ripoff of `` little fuzzy '' i can wonder why i 'm the only who 's ever noticed ?
1 the story is funny , dramatic and romantic , it 's got it all .
1 i recommend it as a good alternative to boogie nights , for those interested in the other sides of john holmes .
0 based on the excellent novel , watchers by dean koontz , is this extremely awful motion picture that probably should n't be viewed by anyone .
0 if you want to see good godzilla , rent them from your local video store .
1 still the movie has aura of total originality .
0 worse still , you ca n't even fast forward to the sex scenes , because there are n't any .
1 while definitely not as polished a production as the original topper , topper returns is a whole lot more fun in hal roach fashion .
0 they are just horrible at impressions , for those of you who have seen the judge judy skit , you know what i 'm talking about .
1 i hardly knew bonnie hunt but she was good .
0 the final surprise , regarding the handicapped kid , is just idiotic .
1 a classic 1980 's situation comedy .
0 i have seen a lot of movies , but this is certainly one of the worst ever .
1 i have watched this movie least 10 times over the past 12 years and still it makes me laugh as if i was watching it for the first time .
1 the first and by far is raquel welch who 's the leading actress and deserves 10 stars .
1 the fact that all the furniture , the flowers and other things are alive and have faces , it makes this show all the more entertaining and weird .
0 i mean i did n't buy this actor at all i found it stupid just plain stupid i 've seen better work out of student work .
0 take a bad script , some lousy acting and throw in a politically incorrect morality tale and what do you get ?
0 although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent , this story is too painful to watch .
0 this could have been a wonderful movie , but they all blew it up .
1 this is the best of the series of transformers that are out .
0 they rather spend the whole film throwing mindless banter at each other in order to see whom is the colder of the two .
1 i would have preferred a bit of true whodunit mystery in this , but hey , when a short is this good , who 's going to complain .
1 it is not just the battle of iwo jima .
1 i enjoyed the alliance in dire circumstances that led them without words to know they were on the same boat .
1 the edukators artfully combines the archetypal love triangle storyline with political discussion and your typical heist gone awry flick and a journey of self-discovery .
1 do n't be discouraged by my enthusiastic answer either , i am very critical when it comes to film and television , i am a film maker myself .
0 at you , and treats virgins and nerds with the contempt they deserve .
0 sorry , my nominee for comedy crap of the year 2005 .
0 was this documentary supposed to make a hero out of `` professor jared diamond ? `` .
0 i can only assume that the first set of comments and votes were from people associated with the promotion of this insult to british film-making .
1 i saw it in london and very much regret that it is not out on video in the states
0 i found myself neither liking nor caring about anyone in the film , though not for lack of trying !
1 his performance , although relatively brief , is every bit as good as morgan freeman and brad pitt .
0 just a major let down , to many people in the ring at the same time .
1 it works in some rather nicely used ideas and comes across as a rather nifty idea , even if some of the execution is a little stale .
1 this could have easily unraveled into generic suspense thriller , or depressing white trash drama , but it stayed a course all its own till the end .
0 however the performance was on autopilot and the monotone with which his character speaks sent me to sleep on a number of occasions .
1 this episode features the series second mind meld by spock and is one of my favourites .
0 actors all did a fairly solid job but the script and the narrative where derivative , unexciting and dull .
0 if my only saving grace to stay out of hell is by doing one good deed , it is to tell the world to not watch this crap .
1 his power and emotion was so much deserving of the 1952 oscar which finally went to gary cooper in high noon .
0 absolutely awful .
1 and , bless his soul , he seems to do a lot for them .
1 truly one of the best movies i have ever watched .
1 it was the director 's follow-up to carrie , and here the horror of suburban school life is replaced with some more outrageously violent , practically astounding moments .
1 one frailty after the next , son , like many of the other characters , is tested on how resilient he really is .
1 needless to say , there is never a dull moment in all of its 4 hour running time .
1 got to watch this one again .
0 thank heavens there was scary movie to boost my confidence in spoofs , this movie is so dire it goes beyond belief .
1 amazingly perceptive .
1 this daffy duck short is similar in style to chuck jones ' road runner shorts with its unique backgrounds and fast moving gags .
0 i loved the original wargames , however , this movie is inaccurate with computer details and details about the original movie .
1 a triumph for both director , lodge kerrigan and actor damian lewis .
0 probably one of the worst sci-fi movies ever .
1 but i have loved the film and errol flynn ever since .
1 he took everything that life could throw at him and still managed to retain a sense of humour .
0 even john williams ' score fails to leave the same impact as `` jaws , '' `` jurassic park , '' etc .
1 it operates entirely in its own little world and your ability to accept it or not will determine your love or hate for this film .
1 a person , against all of the odds , wo n't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago .
0 i can not stress how bad this movie is .
1 the pure guts that such a move requires is astounding , and it works beautifully .
0 it is the most pretentious film that i have seen in a long while .
1 witherspoon already begins to show the oscar-winning talent she would develop in this early role and london makes a charming leading man .
1 the action offers a good mix of martial arts and large-scale battle scenes , and the story is engaging and at times even inspiring .
0 *1/2 from ****
0 he shows up at the end to save the day - i ca n't even remember why - but apart from that , he 's not really in it .
0 this film has little of austen 's charm and ironically mimics the gothic novels that austen so wonderfully mocked .
1 he does a great job playing the stand-up comedian waiting for his big break .
0 it 's so cute , well-made and the ride is so much fun , i really did n't care and i strongly recommend this film to anyone .
1 i ca n't say what knowing the source for this movie adds , but this is one of my favorite films from paul mazursky .
0 the story is unoriginal and the killer is really lame .
0 the script is full of horrid dialogue , including some excessive descriptions of acts of torture .
0 no magic here , it was all i could do to keep from turning it off an hour in .
1 i guess it 's the ensemble , they just play so well together .
1 as a female i rarely watch action films , but the bad pack is fun from beginning to end .
0 often to a very low price because this movie is so bad and nobody wants to see it , despite all the tricks to keep up the interest .
0 directing : awful .
1 it was me that showed these guys how to speak scottish and after all this time , i only realise now one was russell crowe ! ! !
1 i 'm glad i finally saw this picture , one of the most expected of the last year and now one of my personal favourites .
1 special guests , who are friends as well made for a nice surprise too .
1 in all i rate this movie a 7 ... not more because the ending is a little odd for me ... go watch it for good entertainment .
0 but the real problem is with the story line , there is nothing really happening , each episode could be shown in 15 minutes .
1 the whole idea of native americans of a century ago , residing in the wilderness mountains of montana is so mesmerizing .
1 it was nice to see the actors who played mr and mrs walsh and nat turn up right at the end as well .
0 the plot is paper-thin and there is no character development at all .
0 the acting is so horrible and the script is just barely at the level of `` uwe boll '' quality .
0 this film was positively the worst film i have ever watched .
1 every detail is meticulously worked out , even more accurately , i believe , than in the titanic .
0 roger corman has made some good , some bad movies in his career , but there 's no excuse for this one .
1 they seemed to feed off of one another in a way that i found absolutely authentic and deeply moving .
1 this fox spectacle was a big hit when released in 1954 .
1 life begins is a wonderful pre-code film starring some of the best of the era .
1 ringu 2 does n't only just work to follow up the original but actually works at adding to it in a big way .
0 poor louise fletcher - she really does and did deserve more than this .
1 that is what is very special about the petrified forest .
0 the first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny .
1 without analyzing the many relevant themes , i 'll just say , if you have n't seen it , do yourself a favor and check it out .
0 it 's a terrible piece of film and should be avoided at all costs !
1 brian van holt was very good as both the killers , bo and vincent .
1 but between john hurt , and tolkien 's fantasy , it still reached me , and still does .
1 both the humor and the drama made me weep like a small girl , even thou i 'm a guy almost at my 30 's .
1 like goldberg , what a film debut !
0 i know it sounds kind of mean of me , but females dump men for being insecure and more inane reasons than what she had .
1 i had n't seen the movie since it was on the big screen and found the lovemaking session with the mistress memorable this time .
0 he is unable to maintain any personal space in his taxi and the viewer sees that he lacks any greater control in his home .
1 this is one gripping movie , reminiscent of the mgm crime movies of the late 70 's .
1 pacino is over-the-top but to good effect as he 's clearly having loads of fun .
0 to pour salt in the wound of watching this film , the one good-looking girl just does n't get naked once .
0 i do n't know who financed it , or why , but this `` want to be '' vampire flick is really awful .
1 a serial rapist does not respect society or even his own family and this movie displays the sickness and crime in a perfect way .
1 maybe we all wish we were like radio , a loving happy individual ... who loves everyone .
0 all the silly clichés are well in place ; on the character and human level the story is so schmaltzy and unbelievable it hurts .
1 miyazaki 's works have never cease to amaze me .
0 it is clear that a movie this bad was made only for the action , not the story .
1 his work is professional through his baptism of fire .
1 it is a momentous occasion , one that could be the sign of the end of days .
1 wesley snipes plays blade the vampire hunter with pure class , he kicks butt in such a fluid and violent way that would make bruce lee proud .
0 lets see if there is any positive to say about this movie .
1 they took the characters and gave them there touch .
0 by comparison with harold lloyd or buster keaton or laurel and hardy doing the same bit in two reels , it is n't truly funny .
1 still , i watch the show because it 's so bratty that it keeps me entertained for some half hour .
1 i will treasure this concert for a very long time .
1 well worth watching .
0 do not rent this , unless you are curious to see just how bad it is .
1 speaking of which , here once again carpenter keeps his tradition of creating a powerful ending .
0 i wasted 2 and a half hours of my life on this snooze fest and i 'll never get that time back .
1 she has a strange charisma unlike anyone else you 've ever seen in the movies .
1 this film works like a charm because it parodies the noir that it spoofs in a lovable and respectable way .
1 sarah can only look on in a very mixed , but very well put across via rampling , sense of confusion , despair and disgust .
1 i must see this poetic little piece again as soon as possible .
0 if the film was supposed to be scary then it might work on little kids but it 's a weak effort .
1 his acting is really superb , the most diamond polished acting ever seen .
1 after all , i still remembered how excited the previous movie had left me and the sixth book is perhaps the best of the entire series .
1 it is a film that grows on you .
1 and i 've watched this movie more than 35 times .
1 fine performances by conte , gray , alexander and a slew of new york stage actors .
0 they do not do any more 'funny ' things to each other than what you see in the preview .
0 this movie is the kind of awful , unmemorable dreck jerry lewis was putting out that same decade .
1 if this comedy had been stopped after 2 series it would have gone down as an all time classic .
1 as the viewer , i felt transported back to 1992 , having been 25 years old at the time this movie was released with no idea it even existed .
0 there 's so little here of the fantastic anne rice book that what is here makes no sense .
0 nothing even remotely interesting ever happens .
0 oh , except the dad , who is dead ... and the creature , which has to die in order to lay an egg .
0 hard to believe an actor of pacino 's stature could end up starring in this mess !
1 the final water polo match has such a symbolic meaning .
0 while some of the riffs are very funny , overall the episode is too inconsistent to rate too highly .
0 what i found most impressing is that the movie tries to be funny all the time , but did n't made me laugh once .
1 `` judas kiss '' nails the new noir thing just right .
1 this film has stunning visual effects done by industrial , light & magic , which they win an oscar .
1 do n't be fooled by any comments on the smaller issue of fencing .
0 a wealthy , soon to be married couple in beverly hills are the subjects of this idiotic story .
1 this movie is a song of beauty , a study about the catholic faith that can survive against the worst conditions .
0 the fight scenes are nothing special and pretty dull , and the monsters are not either anything special .
0 there have been some great movies made with the mental home theme but this is n't one of them .
1 duvall has a right to be proud of this performance .
0 whatever the director was trying to accomplish , all he succeeds in doing is making the audience literally nauseous .
1 the equilibrium achieved at the end is not identical to the initial equilibrium because max has understand much more about his innermost feeling .
0 we do n't know anything about him , we do n't know his motivation , he just apparently wants to kill people .
0 fascism and violence were the only things man could think of in regards to fighting the robotic horde , who were meant as nothing more than servants to humanity .
0 0 out of 4 .
1 for many years , i have been trying to get it on vhs or dvd - to no avail .
0 it is not cute or moving .
0 the content of the film was the same old historical content we have all seen before , but heavily sanitized to prevent the audience being sick .
0 badly directed with some of the worst editing i 've ever seen in a motion picture .
1 paul muni and luise rainer were award-winning actors in their day and they do n't disappoint here , both giving powerful performances .
0 cue a startlingly incompetent team of army special forces to tackle the prehistoric beasts .
0 an insult to the history of the series , with appropriately soap-opera style acting .
0 there 's no setups , no punchlines and no laughs .
1 saw this movie again .
0 there 's just too much time to kill , as there 's little to no suspense generated .
1 highly recommended .
0 learning more about the candyman does not save this over done sequel from falling flat on its face .
1 `` american graffiti '' is a film that can be funny without being stupid , and touching without being maudlin .
1 anyway ... if you 're into 50 's horror camp , then this is definitely a movie you should n't miss .
1 if you want one hell of a good time then be sure to check this out .
0 the continuity as discussed above is further degraded by the surrealistic ending .
1 but stick with it , and you wo n't be disappointed !
0 stupid and just plain weird movie about some kid who becomes traumatized when he finds out santa is n't real .
0 if a person stood in front of another 's house and made noises with a wind chime they would be considered a lunatic , not gain entrance .
0 though the girls on the fear website are freaky , that 's about all this movie has going for it .
0 this movie lacked so many things , on so many different levels , but i ca n't quite explain why i disliked it so much .
0 it 's so preposterous that it 's difficult to take this movie as even a long stretch of the imagination .
1 and finally , the whole thing is tied together by a most inspired and dramatic metaphor .
1 great use of chicago locations , though the `` l '' trains running past my house do n't appear to have the conveniently flat roofs to jump on .
1 i saw the film in the dutch cinema 's and i liked it very much .
0 it has little intrinsic artistic value .
1 the music is beautiful and the image is astounding , which was expected of a japanese movie , and i appreciate it for that .
1 and the result in both cases is fascinating and a joy to watch for the realistic setting and characters alone .
0 the acting was horrific and i have seen second grade productions that had better acting in them .
0 save your time , save your money .
1 is as funny , off-the-wall and entertaining as its bigger budget counterparts listed above .
1 but it is the interplay of four of britain 's finest actors which has made the series unmissable .
1 the hbo first look special on the film is also worth watching , and in that , you may want to keep watching throughout the credits , too .
1 i really enjoyed `` the birdcage '' because it had a lot of serious issues , yet managed to turn into a fun joke .
0 the sub-plots tried to grab your attention , but in reality only increased your eagerness for the film to grind to a blundering halt .
1 half past dead was unlike any steven segal film i 've ever seen .
1 frank morgan gives an admirable performance as a charming con man thief .
0 shove this one in the vault and never let it see the light of day again .
1 after awhile of leaving it on between british comedies on american pbs , i grew to enjoy and like watching this television show .
0 a killer with a penchant for really bad disguises cruises around in his van looking for victims .
1 through a series of flashbacks , we get to know charles hanson and come to an understanding of the strained relationship between father and sons .
1 boman irani and rajpal yadav make up or the light moments in the film very efficiently .
0 sorry but i give this one 1 out of 10 .
0 this late 70 's made for tv horror flick has little going for it except a misplaced feeling of nostalgia .
1 i love this movie more and more every time i watch it and it 's mainly because of the completely winning performance from john travolta .
0 first part : 1 out of 10 second part : 4 out of 10
0 also this film did not have any good character actors or funny moments , it just was depressing stuff about lasting as a farmer during a time of crisis .
1 i gave this film 10 stars because it did what a horror film should .
0 band members and other punks seem to be of low intelligence and unable to explain their motives or give detailed or coherent answers or even answers at all .
0 however , it 's really a sappy romance -- with very little action .
0 presumably so the presumably terrified audience can presumably return to their normal lives after the presumed shocks of this presumed thriller .
1 a glimpse of who he could be or who he was and the contrast with who he is now is crushing .
0 horrible acting and script .
1 though not exceedingly complex , the cute story holds your attention , and keeps you laughing the whole way through .
1 the acting is so perfect , the story is so beautiful , that if you have n't seen it , i wish to urge you to see it today .
0 and let me tell you , it was one of the biggest wastes of money i have spent in a while .
0 but no atmosphere is captured , no real mystery or suspense generated .
0 this movie has completely no sense , not even a seem of good acting ...
1 it turns out there is a lot i did n't know , and what i learned in `` wordplay '' was conveyed in an entertaining manner .
1 the little twist involving the main character is by far one of the best developments ever in a video game .
0 overall the curse is a pretty dull movie and rates a mere 2 out of 10 .
1 the performances are gripping and powerful and the directing is detailed and well crafted .
1 released 82 years ago , this film had me on the edge of my seat throughout .
1 i felt compelled to write a review after seeing the only review which gave this film a suspiciously high 9/10 rating .
0 only a step above the borat flick in its believability and likability of the main characters , it is just one long definition of `` the ugly american '' .
0 nothing kills interest in a song quite like repetition , and it 's tough to get more repetitive than this aural turd .
1 what comes across watching the movie , is the intensity which the director got from his key players .
1 as far as horror movies go , this is among the best ever made .
1 the action , war and dueling scenes are just as outstanding as the static opulent court and palace scenes .
1 because most of the italian debut films are lousy and this one , done by an outsider , is a real joy to watch and to listen at .
0 the loser could be forced to listen to tapes of corny lines from the movie like `` everybody looks the same '' over and over .
1 but beyond that , smith establishes himself as a director that can get a performance out of his actors .
0 after all these negatives this movie still maintains a `` fun '' factor that bumps it up to a two .
1 all who know of william 's work know it 's a bit off-kilter but this one takes the cake .
0 the plot was just totally uninvolving and silly -- so much so , that i really found that i could have cared less about the characters .
0 to top that off , the movie looked like it was filmed with a hand-held video camera .
1 but the big question here is how and why this film has n't been talked about more .
0 there follows a string of crummy gags before the main storyline kicks in , with porky taking part in a race with a more powerful train .
0 the action was shoddy and no one cared who batista picked for his partner .
0 ... with bad dreams of this pathetic remake of the classic original by robert wise .
1 nevertheless , it 's a fun little romp and much less grotesque than some of the previous entries in the series .
1 although it is hated by most long time ff fans , i find 8 to be one of my favorites .
1 having just watched the latest harry potter installment , i was intrigued by rupert grint and wanted to see more of his work .
1 this is one of the most enjoyable teen movies i have ever seen .
0 i can safely say that i have absolutely no desire to see this waste of time ever , ever again .
0 if you hate bad movies , then avoid it at all cost .
0 i 'll not spoil the story for those interested in this garbage , but i will say that every classic character was ruined by a chatty , modern attitude .
1 this background information is critical to the movie and is worth the wait for the hilarious and touching aspects of life that follow .
1 however , it is a worthwhile experience and a film that can be recommended highly .
0 and i will go on record as saying : this film is awful .
1 as a collection of three stories , the night gallery stands as one of the best horror anthologies ever filmed .
0 do n't see this movie , there 's a real chance you 'll never be able to enjoy going to comedies again ... ever .
0 i do n't often say this about movies , but going to see ' a history of violence ' felt like a waste of money .
1 i 'd give it a 9/10 , mainly because it delivers what it promises , entertainment , pure entertainment
1 animation quality is also excellent at important points .
0 the male lead who plays a construction worker and in his hard hat comes across as a poor excuse for a reject from village people .
0 a pretty worn out plot twist .
1 making a marvelous point about love , and how falling in love affects us .
0 any movie that needs an overly precocious and mischievous child actor to make people warm up to the movie should never be seen .
1 again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality .
1 the metaphysical imagery of x is also very peculiar , mixing a lot of christian iconography with rivers of blood and gore .
0 the computer generated creatures look bad , a bit like disney versions of oversized rats without a tail .
0 sorry to be so harsh , but to me it seemed like this movie was 98 % cheese and 2 % absurd .
1 filled with energy , dark humor and unforgettable moments , imagery and characters .
1 yes the editing and cinematography were frantic , the story was weak , and the acting was mediocre , but i still loved this film for some bizarre reason .
1 although beyond henry o'neill , i 'm unfamiliar with the supporting cast , the players were uniformly excellent , and the direction was taut .
1 it was more serious than any other children 's cartoon on tv at the time .
0 this show is perhaps one of the most boring , most unfunny shows i 've ever seen .
1 if you do n't mind the fact that curly was really getting very ill at this point , this is actually one of their funniest shorts .
1 as we all know he was the straight man of the wonderful comedy team of burns & allen who the monty python troop borrowed a lot from .
0 robert hardy was the only actor with any charisma in the whole thing , though he overdid it as he usually does .
1 for giallo enthusiasts i give this a thumbs up and hope one day it 's given a nice dvd transfer .
0 this movie is trash , only watch it if you are bored and want a good laugh and a waste of your money .
0 there goes another one of my brain cells '' when watching this one-of-a-kind piece of trash .
0 they even try to make their monster seem more powerful and more impressive with the line `` this guy makes godzilla look like a pussy . ''
0 spare yourself on this one .
1 a thousand of twists in the script , and a story where nothing 's like it seems .
0 this is the worst movie i have seen in years ...
0 fourth - why did the japanese not just kill him , instead of putting him in jail with a convenient look-alike companion and his surgical kit ?
1 not as good as in spider-man but still very good .
0 4 ) $ 100 is a reasonable price to charge for a group sex session featuring 2 fat sweaty old men and a napoleon dynamite lookalike .
1 it takes a lot of effort to enjoy a silent film , especially a drama , but films like battleship potemkin prove that this effort is entirely worth it .
1 if you are n't a fan of robbie yet , you will become after watching the show !
0 there is not a single laugh in this movie and it is proof positive that leslie nielson can not make a decent movie unless it has `` airplane ! ''
1 the story might appear too moralistic and convenient , but it has to be seen in the context of the times .
1 this show is by far the best show on tv for kids .
0 this movie is a waste of time .
1 no one cares what anyone thinks about this movie , because it transcends criticism .
0 essentially plotless action film has two good guys pitted against two bad guys .
0 sound : cheesy `` epic '' music that sounds little better than random orchestra tuning sessions .
1 the young stars act well and the addition of jon voight and sigourney weaver are a joy .
0 not only that it has nearly nothing to do with the other american pie movies , the story is obvious , flat and absolutely not funny .
1 miss pickford could carry off these roles even though she , too , was n't a girl any more .
1 his freedom in making this movie , both with medium and artistic control , is unparalleled in anything he 's done .
0 the cinematography is effective , but some of the action scenes are unconvincingly shot .
1 it makes me feel all sorts of emotions when i watch it , and i ca n't get enough of it .
1 it is a gothic tale of deception and horror set in the time of the civil war , with an underlying tone of eroticism and sexual tension running throughout .
0 the heavy-handed soundtrack .
1 overall , this is a great heist movie .
0 the acting is n't great from no-one i have ever heard of .
0 even though rooney makes some `` cute '' comments , the lack of `` feel '' for the story is apparent .
1 `` taxidermia '' is a film i feel will become a cult classic in the years to come .
0 first of all , this movie is a total bore .
1 i have to say that while i agree films do n't have to make sense to be enjoyable they still have to engage you with the characters .
1 ok , i must say , this is one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen .
0 i mean geez no special effects or anything , it was boring and kinda anti-climatic .
0 4/5 matt bronson
0 the story was completely predictable - if you 've seen the ad then you 've pretty much seen the movie !
1 this was gene kelly 's breakthrough , and that alone makes it memorable .
0 too much extreme close-up also .
0 that means no milk , but the cat , to his relief , does find a bunch of canned tuna .
1 super , understated performances from all the main actors in a way only european cinema can really do .
1 much more than gore , its haunted resonance offers a lingering chill .
0 actually , i liked the concept of book smarts vs. street smarts , but the cast was so utterly terrible that the whole season was a total disaster .
1 the kids were wonderful to work with and little emma roberts has so much energy she 's a real trip .
1 i enjoyed winds of war , although i did n't really care for jan michael vincent as byron or ali mcgraw as natalie .
1 the show has always been sort of predictable , but now i usually know what will happen before it does .
0 we were never allowed to get close enough to any of the characters to care about them .
0 just do n't go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of saawariya !
0 corporate raiders use any trick conceivable to lure a genius into their fold ... oh , and to win .
0 even general noriega makes an appearance , for no reason i can comprehend .
1 `` shoot 'em up '' is a flat-out joy to watch .
1 the graphics are awesome and the game play is very satisfying .
0 no close shots to speakers and no idea what is generally going on .
0 the events leading up to the point where sonja receives her powers could have easily made a good ten to fifteen minutes of enjoyable film .
0 the only remarkable fact is the participation of klaus kinski who plays a priest .
1 dennis potter is still the best playwright of the television age and this is his best work .
0 unless you can approach a movie with an open mind and an eye for parody , stay far , far away from this film .
0 worthless stylistic crap .
1 all in all , a thoroughly engrossing movie which i would definitely watch again .
1 it 's at least got some funny jokes , and it 's good wholesome fun for the whole family .
0 directed by ed hunt who calls himself edward hunt here , the brain was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be .
0 the so-called colonel , who would the hero here if the cover could have been trusted , must be in his eighties and is barely able to walk .
1 it was heart-warming to see just how much he cared for v , even though he knew what she did for a living .
0 the acting was so bad that i was rooting for the ants to win .
0 endless .
1 we have a genuinely unique film commenting on a turning point in the history of the most powerful nation on the planet , and we have forgotten about it .
1 i 've seen it three times , and i 've been blown away on each occasion .
1 the movie shows the horror of war in a way that hollywood usually glosses over .
0 i 'm astounded that a show this bad could have made it on a major network .
1 however , the impression i have is that , like it happens with wine , this sitcom has been getting better and better throughout the years .
0 such boring characters and just the sight of them , at times , tempted me to cease my viewing of the film .
1 the movie `` august rush '' was healing to my soul wounded since early childhood ; and again , in my early twenties .
1 the performances were brilliant , it is questionable why no nominations were offered .
0 the script is slow , the dialogue juvenile & tacky and , while the actors do their best with it , the performances are most definitely lacking .
0 or let us be honest here : given that i am actually a big fan of `` british '' humour , i was angry .
0 some guy standing in the bushes wrapped in toilet tissue , supposed to be an alien mummy .
0 it 's mostly pretty dull , with a tasty showdown at the end between dolph and the utterly cardboard lead villain but little else of any interest .
0 in my opinion , despite the message that it wants to convey , this movie is simply ridiculous .
0 i beg anyone who reads this , not to see it .
1 i saw this film shortly after seeing the same director 's the isle and was much more affected by this production , although they are both striking works .
1 `` jason 's lyric '' has inspired me to get on the bus and stop watching it go past .
0 the indians superficially look authentic and believable as does their history which is so grounded and set up before hand that they could almost be real .
0 avoid it at all costs .
0 i personally did n't care about their `` motivations '' or their `` backgrounds '' as i have ceased to expect any logic from life .
0 no memorable lines .
1 it will bend your mind , and has strong adult overtones without being obscene or offensive .
0 the only thing that i can get from the movie is that he was a good son , but a low life terrible person .
1 if you are burned out on star wars or star trek , here is a compelling , realistic sci-fi series you can become immersed in .
1 there is a fine line between heartwarming and corny rubbish but this film is pure magic even at the age of 15 .
0 bad , acting , irritating neurotic and annoying main character , no redeeming features .
0 the first half is a painful experience , while the second half is simply not good .
1 he uses dialogue only when it 's necessary , otherwise the images do the job and make the film powerful .
0 the scene goes on forever and they are both terrible .
1 absolutely one of the most memorable movies from my teens , only eclipsed by the star wars movies , tron and alien ... ..
1 my favorite song is without a shred of doubt `` the girls and boys of rock and roll '' an amazing rock song that can not be topped .
1 as the child of a single parent who is deaf , beyond silence is , in most aspects , a very true portrait of how i grew up .
1 by far the biggest surprise is jon voight 's interpretation of capt .
1 see this if you loved all the old serious flicks and have a sense of humor ... this one is a hoot .
0 movie 's saving grace is the always excellent edward everett horton in a wasted performance .
1 there are intense periods of suspense , colourful effects , a fabulous lead in mcqueen , and moments of humour , both intended and not .
1 carell gives dan so much heart that he becomes the heart of the film itself at the same time .
1 douglas and macmurray are very near equals in star power and in the way their characters are written and portrayed .
1 this movie rocks ... . definitely pick up a copy and watch it .
1 jessica lange was not a great actress then , but she was so hot !
1 i think this film is a treat to watch .
0 a slow , stupid movie about people trying to find themselves and where they want to be in life .
1 `` the glass house '' also provides a fresh , unique outlook on villains .
1 ms. holland 's film will reward those who watch it with an open mind as she never passes judgment on what we are seeing on the screen .
0 this is the worst film i have ever seen , ever !
1 the storyline is a little sketchy , but where it is unconvincing it adds to the hilarious overall atmosphere .
0 all things considered , `` phantasm iii '' is an acceptable time-waster , but it is definitely disappointing compared to its predecessors .
0 and a number of jokes including mr cohen 's lower body are quite tasteless .
0 a masked killer who bumps off residents in an apartment block is about all this film has in common with the original .
1 characters have some shades of grey which are much appreciated .
0 the story line is beyond awful and filled with straight line after straight line .
1 but at the end of it the theme is n't so much about a dark ending but more a moral and happier one .
1 their initial physical encounter for me was by far the most tender , romantic , delightful , vicariously enthralling love scenes i have ever witnessed on film .
0 trite , clichéd dialog and plotting , hokey music , and a paint-by-numbers characters knocks this out of the running for all but the most hardcore fans .
0 very little about the characters or introduction to the story captured either one of us or was even memorable .
0 i gave it 2 out of 10 b/c i liked the idea so much and i did like one character .
0 this movie should be nominated for a new genre : complete mess !
0 take my word for it , do n't waste your time or money watching this film .
1 `` the sea inside '' is a formidable entry in 2004 's oscar nominations for best foreign language film .
1 i am a true fan and this movie is an all-time favorite !
0 so for that alone , it gets a 3 .
0 brad pitt 's basketball scenes are laughable and most of the acting , from people like pitt and roddy mcdowell , is without any semblance of ability .
1 while this was still relatively early in his career and he was n't the best actor , compared to brigitte nielsen , he 's sir john gielgud .
1 the battle scenes between the soldiers and native americans are as good as anything until `` the magnificent seven . ''
0 actually why have i wasted my time writing about it , ah dam ! !
0 whoever plays josh 's mother is just as bad .
1 while not the best installment in the asterix animated movie library , it is certainly one of the funniest , the best scripted and the most beautifully animated .
0 however , the eye-candy finishes as soon as the characters are left aside to start with an endless not funny at all mumbo-jumbo speech over still pictures .
0 the plot is pointless -- this was just made to show willie aames and phoebe cates as nude as many times as an r rating would allow .
1 this movie , while not completely historically accurate , was and is the best one of its genre .
1 well worth catching -- especially for a powerful climatic scene between powell and gable .
1 lindsay crouse as margaret ford is simply perfection , from her mannerisms to the inflection of her voice she gets into the role immediately .
1 i do not know the history of potemkin 's score , so i decided to watch it for the medium this piece of art was produced within - film .
1 i recall in the first few episodes of the post 1989 episodes they were n't following that formula and this was the first episode that i was pleased with .
1 all in all , revolver is a flawed work , not truly awful but far from richie 's best .
1 but at the same time he is also strangely empathetic , hypnotic , sage , even lovable .
1 this film analyzes the creative impulse for advertising & finds it in a asylum ... do n't worry : it is not a psychological study but a comedy .
0 one particularly sobering moment happens near the beginning where a captive monkey says in sign language , `` want out .
0 scenes were long and drawn out , entirely shot on built stage sets .
0 there 's nothing wrong with filming classic novels , but why must they all be filmed by talentless nobodies ?
0 the effects are very bad , even though there is some gore , and the story is stupid .
1 share it .
0 this movie is not worth seeing , at least not at a cinema .
1 not too much for intelligent perception but so rich for perception sensitive .
0 the direction by walter hill is pedestrian and the jazzy soundtrack practically assaults the audience .
0 of all my experience of tom clancy 's work , this is the worst and most disappointing example i have ever encountered .
0 rarely have i witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent .
1 stanley kubrick has made so many masterpieces , and is by far the best director that ever graced our world .
1 do n't get how people can play it non-stop for days and not get sick of it .
0 there are very few redeeming qualities in `` the doomsday machine '' .
0 i felt that the director was screaming for attention and the only way he could achieve this was to be as repulsive as possible .
0 virginia madsen , like usual , is underused as the supportive , speculative and peculiar wife .
0 horrid scenes involving foreign invaders from france and japan are presented .
1 i ended up having a great time with this cult classic about horror comedy , halloween parties , sassy humor , and some sexy evil displayed by elvira .
1 yet , again i must say what ever irene dunne was in , at least , was `` good '' because she made things so believable !
1 this movie is proof you ca n't just go to a redbox and read descriptions of films and pick one and give it a try .
0 for the most part this film left me cold , though it 's by no means the worst of its type you 'll ever see .
1 this is a huge departure from previous zhang yimou work , esp in terms of style and locale .
1 if jackson looked bored it was because his character was bored -- alive but not living -- and jackson pulled it off very well .
1 certain dvd 's possess me until i just have to go out and buy it .
0 if you like mindless fluff , then there are still a hundred other pieces of mindless fluff you 'd be better off watching than this rubbish .
0 the subplot of the 2 main characters switching bodies is an old idea and the director adds in nothing new .
0 young kids might actually sit through this , but anyone older than about 14 is likely to pass out from boredom waiting for a laugh .
1 some may think the movie is a little cliché , but i seriously wish hollywood made more movies like this .
1 but , the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film .
0 we have seen better shows .
0 do n't watch this movie or you will be too .
1 konkona deserves not one but thousands of awards for this rendition of mithi in this movie .
0 i 'm not saying all these shows are bad , but they are n't good either .
0 it 's a long trip , which drags in many places .
1 saw ringu 2 , along with ringu on saturday , august 2 , 2003 and must say that i felt that both films were quite well done .
0 i have really nothing to add to all the other comments , save this : to me the film looked like a silent film slowly being adapted to sound .
0 instead of giving us a perfect film with one flaw , we have a horrible mess with one redeeming feature .
0 dull , dull , dull , dull , dull .
1 the action scenes are few and far in between , but they are all exciting , entertaining , and nail-biting .
1 considering it 's basically low-budget cast , this is a surprisingly good flick about the life and death of rock pioneer buddy holly .
0 burn them all , and then proceed to rent a good movie , like aliens ... or bowling for columbine ... or even back to the future !
0 this film was just awful !
1 i 'm not trying to portray the movie as a love story or a drama ; it 's a rolling in your seats comedy .
1 i found this show really late at night , and gave it a try .
1 this film deals with such common questions concerning the human lives as love , hatred , despair , pain , loneliness , death , friendship etc .
1 as good as it gets is definitely one of the best movies i 've seen .
0 a huge chunk of the events in tolkien 's books were missing between where bakshi 's fairly faithful rendition ended and this abomination began .
1 like japanese directors like ozu , there is a great care in how this story is portrayed .
1 kristofferson , walken , hurt , huppert , dourif , bridges , waterston , and cotton are all excellent portraying very complex characters .
1 it is unfortunate that this film does not seem to have been noticed more outside canada .
1 even a bad julie andrews musical is worth watching and this is n't bad !
0 callow 's close-ups of this tormented man build character , but our lack of understanding between him and amelia causes his purpose to flounder .
1 it 's been about 30 years since i 've seen this movie , and i would like to see it again .
1 the postwar storyline is a great reminder that for many the suffering of ww2 did not end in 1945 , especially in russian occupied countries .
1 one of kevin bacon 's best performances as an actor , thats good cuz he was young in this movie .
1 set in sydney 's notorious king 's cross district , it tells the story of `` jimmy '' .
1 it certainly contains some of sam waterston 's finest work .
0 further , because munchies was kept pg , and the violence remains toned down , when the creatures are in their monster phase , they 're never very threatening .
0 the first half is ok , but chapters in japan are purely awful .
1 the writing and performances were both first-rate .
0 reasons pamela smart is guilty : 1 .
0 tom courtney took the prize for worst performance .
1 the jokes work on more then one level ; if you did n't get it i know what level you 're at .
1 it has this quality , where it reminds of of all kinds of different things that i ca n't quite place , yet is completely fresh and original .
1 but where it really shines is in its take on left vs right wing ideologies .
0 the look on this actor 's face is so slow and pathetic that i almost felt bad for him .
0 the women by diane english is sadly such a waste of talent .
0 colin firth plays the only strong character in this entire film , tommy judd .
0 i do n't particularly care about the characters either .
0 the last winter ranks up as one of the most horrible movies i 've seen ... right under next with nicolas cage .
0 this is an awful film ; it could have been condensed into about 30 minutes .
1 how can we forget such a beautiful song .
0 nazi 's are n't all this awkward , but like most gangs , they fill a void that is missing be it economic , social , emotional , whatever .
0 frankly , i have a mind to ask for my money back from my video shop .
0 watch this movie if you dare , but be warned ... there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action .
1 paulie is a great character and should have received way more success , though this film was n't a highlight of 1998 , unlike saving private ryan .
0 so often millie 's motivations and actions seem to make little sense .
1 you will laugh , cry , and live the life of radio with him .
0 this was a movie that had the audacity to tie bram stoker 's name to it in hopes of saving it i assume .
0 the one good part of this movie : `` american components , russian components : all made in taiwan ! ''
1 my only concern is that most of the audiences are n't going to get the subtle humor in this show .
0 the science of the movie is laughably bad .
1 it was also really funny , and the way the movie plays with character stereotypes had me guessing as to which character was going to get it next .
1 the grand prize , however , goes to blythe danner and geraldine mcewan as ... ... ... .well that would be telling , but they are just great !
0 `` crack in the floor '' receives a caution rating of .
1 this film is brave to acknowledge the atrocities of displacement ; of the violence against sikhs and against women that was part of the partition of india and pakistan .
0 why not grant the wishes of kids to stop famine ?
0 when these plot points are revealed fincher skips past them , denying them emotional weight and trying to camouflage their utter banality .
0 i felt like i was watching the matrix with a really bad audio track .
0 this is a film that should not be viewed by anyone who respects good acting or an interesting story .
0 it just went from bad to worse , giving the irish , the wedding photographic fraternity and blondes a bad name .
0 next , i 've never seen a worse fighting system .
1 overall , this film is entertaining , very 80 's , a little scary , and pretty funny .
0 on to the story like i said it was interesting but the lack of good acting from the entire cast and the lack of any good writing or storytelling .
1 but this film just captured my imagination and kept me arrested till the end .
1 7.5 out of 10 , rounded up to 8 for imdb .
0 i did not find it shocking nor disturbing as some other reviewers have - simply a little distasteful and pointless .
1 george hilton never really grabs me like franco nero or clint eastwood , but this is a great outing for him .
1 their guide is a rough , heavy drinking guy , who promises them an unforgettable experience .
0 the second unit stuff is endless , and they must have been let loose on egypt for weeks .
0 i 'm a big fan of gore movies but this one just gives you gore here and there but they are not that consistent .
1 do n't buy the lies or you 'll miss an amazing movie .
1 my daughter played it over and over again .
0 pros : i got a few good laughs out of the film due to the terrible dialog and the dumb character moves .
0 even though the music was worse than anything i could think of .
1 he plays the father of two sons with all the power he always conveys to his very complex characters .
0 i rate this movie 2/10
0 the only two talents in it are richard boone and joan van ark , and only boone is any good .
0 allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun : my name is modesty : a modesty waste of time - 4/10
1 however , this really is a funny , funny stand-up show that everyone should see .
0 the post heist scene is ripped and mangled from lock stock and two smoking barrels which unfortunately stimulated a momentary direct comparison of the two films - oh dear .
1 he gave off a first-class performance , as did chris owen and chris cooper .
1 the banquet end in a very felt , though quietly , happiness .
0 it is just crass and boring .
0 to express my contempt for this tripe i would then have to vote double zero , or something .
1 if you did n't want to visit india before this movie will surely make you want to visit it now .
0 i kept looking for some big , intense , dramatic scene that could have possibly made christian bale go ballistic on the director of photography .
1 the rest are all great as well , there is no weak character .
1 this film may be another blood bath , but the philosophical content is also enormous .
1 i saw it in the original spanish version only and thought it was wonderful .
1 it is rare to see these days such a true to life film .
1 i live in the southwest and here you are closer to the things that took place not that long ago .
0 - the acting is more wooden than a log cabin .
0 instead , we get a lame rip off of the texas chainsaw massacre .
1 elia kazan , one of the best theater directors this country ever had , showed he was equally at home with movies .
0 save your money .
1 but may i suggest that you see it just to see what a great actor , not comedian richard pryor was .
1 gone with the wind is one of the most popular books ever printed .
0 it just lets other people think that a garbage bomb like this is ok to watch as long as it 's controversial .
1 the final scenes of the film are lovely , it wo n't spoil the film to say he learned from his experiences and lived a long and happy life .
0 the score is overdone , and the plot is lame and the production is so poor it makes it hard to watch at times .
0 and though i really tried to like it , as it had been recommended to me , there were times it just bored me silly .
1 story-line excellent but slightly unbelievable as to the `` special effects '' , such as the escape capsule .
0 one note -- `` i 'm a tortured drunk and wait till you find out why . ''
1 hollow point , though clumsy in places , manages to be an extremely endearing and amusing action movie .
1 i never saw a staged version of `` deathtrap '' , so having these folks in the roles sets a great impression of their careers at the time .
0 i as a christian am outraged after seeing just the first half of this picture .
1 a young jon voight and burt reynolds give the performances of their careers and are supported by ned beatty and ronny cox .
1 the flashbacks are interwoven throughout the movie but they do n't feel like they are slowing the movie to a halt .
1 he selected these writers as the popular favorites of the first half of the victorian period , and he explained their strengths and weaknesses to the reading public .
1 it 's something i indulge in whenever i find it on ... .. and the tension between joe and nick is so cute .
1 two thumbs up to director , lodge kerrigan and the actors involved .
1 the movie depicts his personal growth , how he begins to reflect and think for himself and become discontent with the collective .
1 he 's every bit the middle aged pervert and he plays the role with relish .
1 midler , who has been performing live on stage since the 1970 's , proves that she is still one of the most electrifying live performers in the business .
0 my mind boggles at how pointless and boring this film is .
1 a remarkable effort on all fronts , with everyone involved showing potential to really look out for .
0 if anyone has seen days of heaven , there 's no need to suffer through under heaven .
0 one of the longest 80 minutes of my life .
0 keep your eyes on craig horner , a young graduate , who 's optimism for a week long party gets lost in his friends shenanigans .
0 all the acting is bad , but most of the women would fit right in a russ meyer film !
0 i do n't remember the last time i saw a film quite this bad .
0 a few random conversations , poor acting ... a bit like watching a porn movie , without all the explicit sex and daring costumes .
1 it is first and foremost a comedy and as a vehicle for the main characters , i am quite surprised that a sequel has never been offered .
0 dermot mulroney and gretchen find it difficult to mold empathetic characters form the corny lines they are given to deliver .
0 and the songs are n't good at all .
0 it 's only the caliber of the cast that saves any redeeming qualities of this bloated mess .
1 still , this is a movie about youth and freedom , and that ideal has n't changed since the 1970s .
1 an excellent movie full of the pain , heartbreak , and eventual triumph over evil .
1 both i and ii were serious cops and robbers action movies into which eddie murphy added his style of comedy .
1 the darkness seems to hang above and around the criminals as well as the law men , the business being mutual in spite of the opposite sides .
0 the make up was incredibly bad .
1 even though parts of it are a bit slow and sometimes a bit boring , it 's definitely worth watching several times .
1 like many situation comedies , `` the war at home '' is getting better with each episode .
0 the effects are horrible , there is no plot to speak of and there is nothing exciting or fun about it .
0 the only surprise in the film is when the `` hero '' suddenly gets hung out to dry in the first half of the film .
1 the overall blue tinge in the whole movie is also apt .
0 without comparing this to any other zombie film out there , this was one of the worst movies i 've ever watched .
0 bo welch should be fired or the writer should .
0 this is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails .
1 highly recommended .
0 i gave this movie a rating of 1 .
1 the film is deep on many levels .
1 first and foremost , bob hoskins and helen mirren give outstanding performances as the first couple of london 's underworld .
1 little pal did become a jolson standard though not to the same degree as sonny boy .
0 but jason lee being awesome himself , that really is no surprise .
0 the werewolf head was badly constructed .
0 a boring , predictable , unimaginative plot married to over-the-top incidental music eventually leads to an equally uninspired climax .
1 in addition to the script , the production transcends the fantasy genre .
1 as we know from yossi & jagger , fox is a master at efficiently packing emotional and psychological complexity into brief sequences .
0 avoid this one if possible .
0 they have no depth or dimensions or personalities .
1 dark harbor is a moody little excursion into murky emotional waters that run extremely deep .
1 a beautiful and funny movie that i would recommend to anyone .
0 i usually enjoy many low budget horror films , but not this one .
1 sims will resort to anything , even murder , to protect his interests & get what he wants , but it 's impossible to hate him .
1 the jokes are deeply embedded , and you have to pay close attention .
0 like russian soldiers being brought to the front line in the sealed cars with barred windows like criminals or some sort of cattle .
0 worse , she crowded out a larger part for katharine isabelle , and the movie is called `` ginger snaps : unleashed , '' right ?
0 all form , no substance .
0 worth watching once for the fast paced fight scenes , but so stupid sometimes that it hurts .
1 mark dacascos is just an excellent fighter and he should do more films similar to this one ! !
0 this movie corrupted all that was good about the hobbit .
1 i have seen it at least a hundred times and i ca n't go through it without crying .
1 it is slightly predictable at times but the shocking climax is always exciting to watch .
0 everything learned about movie-making in the previous 50 years is forgotten .
0 murphy and nolte do not add any depth or growth to the characters that once made them famous .
0 they entire thing stumbles in a gooey fog through second rate cliché 's .
0 the acting ranges from alright to absolutely terrible .
0 this movie starts out at the bottom and goes downhill .
0 priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story : the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 play `` boeing boeing . ''
0 even the lovely and interesting face of claire danes eventually grows tiresome in closeup .
1 she 's so cruel to rhett and haughty and spoiled , but you like her lively spirit .
0 nobody likes a bad movie , but sometimes you come across one that is so extremely bad it actually becomes enjoyable .
1 honest to god , i liked it more then schindler 's list , titanic , and saving private ryan combined .
1 every sentence is a comedy treasure in this film .
1 the acting and writing are terrific and there are lots of great twists and turns in the plot .
0 this movie is so much worst than i thought possible .
0 now , the story : non-existent .
0 pauly shore is just not funny .
0 that prison time is boring , unconvincing and already can easily put one to sleep .
1 i 'm hearing rumors of an upcoming `` leonard nimoy demonstrates the blu-ray disc '' .
1 because it is comprised largely of intelligent dialogue between real people in a moment of crisis and details their efforts to survive that crisis .
1 it 's pure chaotic fun , especially due to chris penn 's over-the-top character , thomas drake .
0 this movie is a load of boring crap !
1 their lives are undeniably changing , they just have n't decided if its for better or worse .
0 i ca n't believe that i actually sat thru this entire film .
1 of course it 's a fictional movies so some parts are unbelievable , but it 's a great story and will have you on the edge of your seat .
0 it was a terrible movie and i would highly suggest not ever seeing it in your whole entire life .
0 watch the hitchcock version , with its great acting , sense of tragedy and doom , deep romance and a script practically lifted from the book , instead .
0 it only saves itself from getting the lowest mark possible by some half listen able music : 2/10 .
1 sci fi , and especially asimov fans , will be very pleased at the careful attention to the master 's finest creation .
0 there are some good lines , decent kung fu action , and naked girls , but it still seems to lack something .
1 i have heard about this show for a while and one day , i decided to watch some episodes of my super sweet 16 .
0 it was hard paying attention to storyline because the pace of the movie was so staggered and hard to follow .
1 and there 's a whole lot more to it than just the `` action '' .
0 i like my share of bad films , but this has no redeeming qualities : poorly written , poorly acted , and not at all in a fun way .
0 the plot flowed well for 85 minutes but the last 5 minutes were just terrible .
1 that alone would be enough for me to recommend this film , but the bits inbetween are an unexpected pleasure as well .
1 `` baseball bugs '' was one of the many classic looney tunes cartoons on which mel blanc and that whole crowd collaborated .
1 do not be misled .
0 this is one of the worst horror films i have ever seen - and i watch an awful lot of them .
0 strange , as an established actress , she should 've been the best of the group , but turned out the worst .
0 this entire movie was written by peter , and it shows how out of touch with real people he was .
1 what separates flatliners from a lot of films based on this premise that would come out today is that it does not stoop to being condescending or arrogant .
0 it was n't funny or cute or much of anything .
1 between the downtown setting of the first show & the country setting of this show , bob newhart never missed a beat .
1 this one is one of my favorites of the series , if nothing else for the great line of `` go ahead , make my day '' .
0 for me this is one of the worst movies i saw this year and i wonder how it could get that high score on imdb .
1 one of the greatest films of the silent era , 'the battleship potemkin ' is a triumph of phenomenal film-making , and is a significant slice of cinematic history .
1 in a truly apocalyptic manner , herzog simply invites us to `` come and see '' the works of man .
0 the acting is so bad , the story is worse , and the famed lobster scene i have heard about for years was not worth the wait .
0 the dialogue is laughable , the acting generally wooden , the special effects not up to the grand effect desired .
1 tommy lee jones stars like never before and woody harrelson with juliette lewis are also super .
0 really , this is how bad the film is .
1 york is charming and sexy as brian and joel grey 's oscar winning turn as the master of ceremonies is a delight .
1 for those of you who like martial arts and overcoming internal conflict , this is a worthy choice .
1 parts of the movie are sad though i have seen the second homeward bound but i got ta say its not as good as the first .
0 this movie is such an insult to me by the way it depicts the u.s. army .
0 the photography offers nothing in terms of visual meaning or interesting shots .
0 the ending when mary finally meets the one responsible for her suffering is embarrassingly awful .
1 it 's the tale of one person learning to love life again , pushing past all the pressures of work and money to discover joy once more .
1 it is an engaging film that brings you into a dark and gritty underworld that actually can feel quite real at times .
1 it 's hard to believe it was n't documentary footage it was so real .
0 but who cares , powell and loy are superb , and that 's all we really care about .
0 *1/2 from ****
0 a very small + for the alien suits which looked quite good , but you can not base a movie on 10 seconds of rubber suits .
0 no script , not any good sound , not anything good to say about this movie..
0 4 out of 10 , as registered by this fine website .
1 sometimes you can watch a comedy with a predictable story but still enjoy it because its funny .
1 obviously inspired by se7en and sometimes even more gruesome ; more bloodshed and very graphic details .
1 leap years employs both by using the irish folklore as the circumstance and featuring considerably famous names within the country .
1 the sensitivity of the construction , and its classic perfection , are the work of a master .
0 l only hope that this piece of trash did n't cost too much to make .
0 all we get with will is someone who discovers he has the power to change the world , and says `` that 's nice '' , then walks away .
0 the film looks good but outside of that this is a chore to get through .
0 picture the story otherwise , though : 2 kids , flat broke , borderline `` desperate '' and completely stupid .
1 just cause is a flawed but decent film held together by strong performances and some creative writing .
1 when the movie goes on , it goes completely different than what you 'd expect .
0 it has a few decent sequences , but nowhere near enough to justify 90 minutes of our time spent watching it .
0 rather than base the film on true bloody mary legends they come up with a lame story of their own involving a prom from 1969 .
1 but the relationship between father and son made this movie worth watching ! !
0 the movie was just all around bad .
1 the scenes in the boarding house peopled by eccentrics were highly original and very funny .
0 granted if one himself was korean , one would perhaps get into it more , but for me it did n't do much anything .
1 he won the `` best actor '' award for this role , and it is largely for his performance that the movie is considered an indian classic .
1 it is a mesmerizing experience that is difficult to describe , as i 'm sure other fans will attest to .
0 why were the soldiers walking around as if they were lions in jungle , fully unaware that enemy was lurking somewhere near ?
0 whichever way you approach this movie , you ca n't escape the fact that it is downright awful ! !
1 if you are past your youth , this will remind you of your younger time , when you had choices to make that would shape your destiny .
1 14th arrondissement - the last sequence is hilarious and sad at the same time .
1 and breathes life into characters only hinted at in the song .
0 art should require its audience to work for its pleasure and meaning ; but the effort required here is just too much for me .
1 he is bold and smooth as both the captain of the vessel as well as learning the tricks of being a father .
1 kate beckinsale was awesome as emma and mark strong was very good as knightly .
1 the entire cast was very talented and you do n't see that very much in any low budget flicks , recent or otherwise .
0 the only thing that made me happy was that it was n't titled ` biker zombies from pittsburgh ' .
1 `` one flew over the cuckoo 's nest '' is maybe my all time favorite , so one can imagine i had a blast with this one .
1 one is that the rivers run with milk , an image which is depicted in the movie to poetic , impressionistic effect .
0 one star for `` the screaming skull '' , eight and a half for the mst3k version .
0 what a sad view of mormon life .
0 the gags are predictable , the jokes are drawn out to ridiculous lengths and the usually comedic cast are , quite frankly , wasted in this mess .
0 the plot was terrible , and was so over the place that sometimes it just was n't clear what was happening .
0 the plot is n't nearly as good as the book , dialogue is so-so and the voice acting is just bad ...
0 for instance , the lead jock 's neck and a saw come to meet , but all you see is the blood drip onto his chest .
0 i guess , but i did n't laugh , except at the scenes where crystal is on his own and not burdened with his ex-wife or the afore-mentioned giant .
0 this new film attempts to bring back the classic with two new actors who resemble both laurel & hardy , however fails miserably for various reasons .
1 this one is funny , not hilarious , but funny .
1 if you love silent films , you must see this ; it will `` blow you away '' !
0 take away the novelty of being set in the '70s , and the show is neither interesting nor funny .
0 they 've secretly replaced the humor with a barrage of bowel movements , flatulence , and more bowel movements .
1 his character possesses the qualities i look in a guy , sensitivity and dedication .
0 i just could n't watch it !
0 it consisted of a weak naive story line , very poor lines , and relied solely on pretty scenery , and pretty people to sell it .
1 hector elizondo 's voice creates a bane who 's much more memorable than the forgettable version in `` batman & robin . ''
0 if you want to save your money , choose another film !
1 i loved this film and was sucked in from the very beginning .
1 this episode is my favourite because it best demonstrates the potential the show had to offer .
1 kurt russell is also good as cale 's father .
0 and .. do i even care what the real deal is with this story or is there even a cohesive story to be uncovered here ?
1 the story is no worse than any number of gangster flicks , but never ever confuse this movie with the godfather i or ii , or goodfellas .
0 everything else in between was a snore fest .
1 every actor does a splendid job , but malcom mcdowell as alex , stands out .
0 i found this to be a movie full of unrealistic stunts , odd situations and weird looking puppets that only a 10 year old would believe .
0 there is n't a plot , it uses clichéd parts from other movies , the acting is the worst i 've ever seen .
0 the character is nothing like in the comics and paquin 's performance does n't help the character .
0 and a couple of other minor characters serve no purpose other than to complicate matters for petty reasons .
1 the film is extraordinary in every way , meticulous in detail yet not overpowering in its presentation of them .
1 how this is presented makes for a most interesting slice of americana .
0 sometimes horror movies are awesome because they are so stupid , but this was just sad .
1 it 's truly bizarre , extremely funny , morbid , witty ...
0 the acting is rubbish , the sound is rubbish , the directing is rubbish ... ..and did i mention the acting ? ?
0 the narrator 's character should 've be killed for sucking so much ... she really did n't deserve to live til the end .
0 i was looking forward to seeing this movie , unfortunately i should have listened to my daughters advice .
0 it becomes a lazy collection of uninspired and misjudged scenes that vary between bland and just plain annoying .
1 sobieski did a very good job too as it seems to me that she has a bright future ahead of her .
1 any of three are capable of carrying a movie on their own , so when you combine their talents , almost every scene is special .
0 and this `` hive '' rip-off has a series of traps that inevitably kill off one member of the squad at a time .
0 - 1 ) badly acted - 2 ) unsympathetic characters - 3 ) razor thin plot line yuck !
0 well , first off , if you 're checking out revolt of the zombies as some very early night of the living dead -type film , forget it .
1 amelie is a film that struck a certain chord with me .
1 it 's wonderfully directed by ernst lubitsch with some truly incredible images but it 's novarro and shearer who carry this film .
1 a very sensitive movie - with well crafted lyrics and beautiful performances .
1 my vote is seven .
1 dolph lundgren 's actions directly result in the destruction of a us submarine and crew but is portrayed in the movie as heroic .
0 `` the love letter '' is one of those movies that could have been really clever , but they wasted it .
0 the only entertainment this dvd can offer is if you were to stick it in the microwave and watch the flashing lights !
1 this is good quality horror the way it has n't been made in hollywood for a good few years now - go with a friend !
0 if a movie starts with a sex scene then it 's a bad movie .
1 the only word i can think to describe this movie , and every other movie m. night has done , is beautiful .
1 great american improvised new wave , not as good as godard or truffaut , and not flawless , but hey such realism , style , warmth and humor .
0 mark has n't faced up to that reality as yet , and so , in that sense , he is a retarded adolescent .
1 the story is very subtle and if you go to it for laughs , it ai n't happening .
1 the cinematography of khamosh pani reminded me of two other movies i 've seen -- lars von trier 's breaking the waves and the ring .
0 i feel like i lost a good portion of my time trying to make it through this movie .
0 record breaking , but other than that , nothing to see here .
1 this dramatic feature stands wide apart from other films about poker .
1 it 's always quite engaging to watch these guys relationship as it develops and is genuinely heartbreaking at times .
1 it is a realm where a character , in the present case particularly the characters played by dern , turns into other characters and turns again .
1 de sica 's most accessible picture is also one of his best .
1 because they are so good , i 've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought some more .
1 this film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making .
0 even thought abbot and costello are featured as the stars of the movie they seem to be only comic relief for the real plot .
0 i have n't watched a 'horror ' movie like this and doubled over with unintentional laughter since the 1980 's !
1 just as the characters in the film do , we overlook her sudden outbursts to see the real person underneath .
0 there was little to no realism to his character and the way he laughed was a sign of obvious force showing that noah ca n't act .
1 it is very realistic and tragic film , with a little dose of humor .
1 guest often plays around with reality and fiction but the line between the two is always clear in his films , sort of an essential with a mockumentary .
0 on the plus side , the actors were all fairly convincing in their roles , with the exception of dee snider who cant even convincingly play himself .
0 there were scenes that had nothing to do with the , pardon the expression , plot .
0 the director also likes to concentrate shots on arbitrary objects in the scene , or a little dog on the grass , for no reason .
1 people who do n't like films without a story can never appreciate a tsukamoto film .
0 not bad in a good way but bad in a really painfully unfunny way .
1 very enjoyable , even if you 've seen it before , and you very well may have in one or another of its previous incarnations .
1 the only depressing thing is a lot of films on hand here remain either unreleased in any commercial form or lost to time completely .
1 it also shows robert de niro 's by far funniest performance , as well as billy crystal .
1 in november 1968 the beatles released over thirty new songs recorded between bouts of hostility and anger at the presence of yoko in the studio .
0 if you want your vision of chaplin limited to a lovable tramp and you get your belly laughs from pathos , watch something else .
1 for fans of all ages the land unknown is a great film that is sure to delight all but the most critical of viewers .
1 i do not think it was a super success at the box office , but for me the movie was a very funny film .
1 the humor is gentle and very touching .
0 this deserves a decent remake that 'd better be 1000 times better than this pile of garbage .
1 nightmare concert is a very underrated film , even by fulci fans .
0 the story , what there is , is so simplistic and predictable , it makes `` jury duty '' seem like `` gone with the wind '' .
0 pfeiffer herself is an `` outcast '' who has never truly been accepted as a `` serious '' actress by her peers in the acting community .
0 in fact , when i left the theater , i found myself feeling an overwhelming sense of disgust with both the film maker and the audience !
1 i wo n't tell anymore but there 's not many dull moments and the ending is like no other i 've ever seen .
0 i 'd say this is for altman fans only .
0 rip-off of texas chainsaw massacre !
0 i watched this under some protest and only remembered having seen it before towards the very end - it 's that forgettable .
0 the whole chain of events is one big waste of time .
1 dead poets society is a thoroughly moving , and inspiring film from peter weir , who is definitely one of the most under rated directors around .
0 this could have been a compelling and action-packed adventure movie , but jess franco obviously could n't be bothered .
1 this film is not an anti-war effort but rather the facts are all presented , and one is left to come to one 's own conclusions .
0 the result is a script that is brainless and repetitive .
1 you are in for a treat with this brilliant episode .
1 the film is a definite keeper .
1 go watch it and enjoy .
0 i really did n't want to include spoilers to qualify my remarks since the show is n't really worth that effort .
1 as fresh and taut today as it was fifty years ago , the well should be a staple requirement for everyone who wishes to get into independent films .
0 do n't waste your money on this piece of rubbish , go out and buy a genuine shirley temple film !
0 in the end , las vegas lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage .
0 but this is an insult to anyone who expects his movies to , um , make sense .
1 it 's a different story , very emotional , and touching .
0 stay away from this movie .
1 we went to see it partly because we had just returned from a delightful holiday in greece and wanted to be reminded of happy experiences .
1 well ... ..i would n't want to lecture anybody but i do feel the urge to say some things i consider important about this beautiful film .
0 his directing is ok , but with such a bad story no one could have made this movie any good .
0 what bothered me most is the attitude of the main character towards his crime .
1 that night when i watched it for the 1st time , with some mates , i was completely blown away .
1 all in all it 's a good , dark , intricate plot .
1 in tommy , buscemi creates a character to whom many will be able to relate and identify on any number of different levels .
1 that this is a brilliant documentary is mightily confirmed by the violent reactions for and against it on internet .
0 do not waste your money on this offensive piece of crap .
0 it was momentarily amusing to see jeffrey combs , but in the end , he was pretty darn bad .
0 to give a little credit to the actors , including astin , there 's not much you can do with writing as terrible as this .
0 i mean everything was bad about it special effects , acting , dubbing , and there were many goofs that are unthinkable .
1 it 's been a while since seeing this the first time , so i watched it again with the second movie in the series .
1 possibly the best writing i 've ever witnessed .
0 the original movie did not show any `` monster '' , it just suggested scary `` things '' , .
0 this film has way too much betsy drake , and not enough cary grant , who carried what little was left of the film entirely on his own .
0 do not watch this movie , because it will be a waste of your money and your time .
1 his story was tragic in that he could have made money in the over ground world and he showed a special skill in avoiding getting killed .
0 sometimes movies get so bad that they actually pollute the earth .
0 so he got some minimal financing and hired a cast and crew which apparently was mostly amateurs and made this great embarrassment of an action film .
1 the screenplay is intelligent and thought-provoking and the direction is both awe-inspiring and mesmerizing .
1 i never found it boring ; i was utterly absorbed by the beauty of it all .
0 reason to watch : better not watch it .
1 michael york is , was , and always will be great , but minnelli actually succeeds in dragging him down to her level .
0 over all , a banal and futile effort to cash in on the phenomenon it mocks .
1 all scores are out of a possible 10 : story : 8 - there 's several stories twisted into one .
1 the horror of the situation the characters were in felt so real because it really happened making you want most of them to survive this life and death situation .
0 also the ending is pretty much a direct rip-off of another modern horror film my grade : d+
1 however , the rest of the actors , i have never seen before or since , were just great in the movie .
0 what a waste of class time , especially because there are so many better english movies , it 's atrocious that she wasted our time .
0 this portion of the movie will leave you wishing you had slit your wrists with the dull edge of a butter knife .
1 in it , we have a bevy of the finest actors ever to grace hollywood , some of which have made memorable projects in their own right .
0 the main prop , the tank , is silly enough for an ed wood production .
0 sadly enough that screenwriter failed , changing characters , throwing in lame humor , and all out destroying the plot .
0 this has to be the worst movie i have ever seen .
1 what i love about the story is that these three individuals are all-around good people and whatever happens to them , we really hope that they work it out .
1 this film may not have been one of the `` greats '' , but if you just want to laugh -- have a go at this one .
0 a friend of mine was stoned out of his mind when we watched it and even he thought it was horrible and a waste of being high .
0 he loses the girl the confidence of his teacher , and his college scholarship , all in one fell blow .
1 there 's some propaganda elements but they 're woven into the mystery so well that the thing plays beautifully years later .
1 enjoy `` scooby doo and the loch ness monster '' !
0 it reminds me of bad sitcoms where things are too zany for anyone to just continue on trying to be normal , and yet they do .
0 i was truly disappointed about this movie as it only tries to copy other horror gems and lacks all the elements to make it a worthy or viewable film .
0 a truly bad film with little merit .
1 somewhat similar to woody allen 's `` sleeper '' , this movie is very funny .
1 i 'll just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre , and well worth your time and money .
1 with the consent of that , this movie is truly a masterpiece and is worth a watch .
0 lame hair !
0 but none of these characters are strong enough or offer any dimension to the film .
0 think of the most boring home movie you have ever seen ... then , divide the entertainment value in half .
0 too many themes are attempted to be covered , leaving the viewer confused and uninterested .
0 the production value is very high , and it has big-name stars doing the narration , but the subject is so repugnant that it is almost nauseating to watch .
0 the emperor 's role is horribly exaggerated ; his position was almost entirely ceremonial and he played virtually no part in the political process .
1 this new american comedy is what monty python and peter sellers were to us , altering the view of what humor can and will be .
1 i love matthau 's grumpy character -- he 's just the same as he always is , and yet also very different .
1 like some other people wrote , i 'm a die-hard mario fan , and i loved this game .
0 very contrived in all aspects there is nothing to recommend in this disaster , my rating is *1/2 poor
1 funny dialogue , inventive and fast-paced action scenes , and just a solid fun atmosphere gives this movie a solid 7.5 .
1 while it was full of 30 's sentiment and the acting was a bit stereotyped , nevertheless , it was superb .
1 the work of robert duvall , fred forrest , lawrence fishburne and sam bottoms is greatly enhanced by the additional footage .
0 i started to watch this movie but gave up because it was so poorly made .
1 beery is such a terrific on screen presence , and cooper was just a joy to watch .
1 never explicit , but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour .
1 the message of the festival and the movie is very clear and the people are as you would expect .
1 and it does not stop .
1 i loved it , too .
0 the rest of the crew stank , and what is it with billy zane ?
0 all the characters are dull , and the story is stupid and incredibly boring ! , plus the ending is especially lame ! .
1 i have seen sunshine a few times and loved it each one of them .
1 the scene between the two pilots is one of the more poignant scenes of the film .
0 all in all , this show stinks .
1 truly great memories of young adolescence !
0 nothing happens at all .
1 this is a great tale of dedication and the treachery that can occur along the path to wonderful movie making .
0 watching a tod solondz movie is like when you watch yourself in the mirror early in the morning when you are n't completely awake .
0 it 's a bore-fest that looks like it 's shot by an amateur .
0 stephen dorff and the leading lady deliver lousy performances in roles that really do n't fit them .
0 and the color values tended to shift violently from shot to shot , as if cheap film stock and problematic lighting equipment were the order of the day .
0 the original idea might have been interesting , but at the end of the day if you are looking for cultural insight , you should skip this movie .
1 this movie has it all , action , fighting , dancing , bull riding , music , pretty girls .
0 it 's enough that she 's just silly ... we 've all known someone just as empty-headed as the character austen created .
1 it is hard to explain but i would say that this movie is a must buy on dvd and maybe worth renting on vhs .
0 the movie is the tedious rendering of well-known in russia historical facts .
0 it lacks cohesiveness and lacks anything for us to really care about .
0 first of all , they are cheap-looking and have no craftsmanship !
0 only thing it did for me was make me really horny , which really was n't a help for my single life .
0 norma desmond knew i was chewing , and she did n't like it one bit .
1 mifune was consumed with his responsibility in the matter and was relentless in finding his gun .
0 i felt i was watching richard dreyfus playing the president .
0 then there is the whole racially charged element of the movie , which is cool and all , but in this movie it goes absolutely nowhere .
1 i 've seen it , and i have to say : one of the most hilarious movies ever made !
0 not to mention the rex 's hungry is never satisfied ... ever .
1 hess begins things on the right foot with one of the most beautifully filmed explosions i 've seen in awhile .
0 tried to copy the `` fast and the furious '' car racing style , but writing does n't pull it off .
1 she conveys a growing attraction for parrish but does it so subtly that it is only in retrospect that the various clues click into place .
1 movies like das boot and a midnight clear are but two examples of movies that you sense a connection to the characters in the film .
1 this is a story about seeking out and finding meaning in life , despite the difficulties and challenges , the pain and terror that stand in your way .
1 this is an interesting series that takes real life people ... and dramatizes part of their real story with a continuing series character taking part in that story .
0 the title is misleading and the content of this documentary unconvincing and incomplete .
1 but well done to the bbc and discovery .
0 this movie was set up like all the `` reality '' haunted shows that are popping up on tv lately , but this movie is much cheesier !
0 it 's a shame that diaz and pacino have to meet in a movie that is so bad .
0 it has that cheap & sleazy early 80 's horror film vibe to it & there 's some decent gore as well .
0 it 's fairly obvious there 's a man inside one of the dumbest monster costumes to come out of the early 80 's !
1 `` i shout love '' is unquestionably one of the greatest and most memorable short films i ever expect to see .
0 i do not think a movie like this is worth anything more than to spit on .
1 i just saw a screening of it and the whole place burst into applause at the end .
0 i put myself in the place of the main character , who is just a child watching terrible things he ca n't believe are possible or acceptable .
0 still , if you 're a connoisseur of 80s horror , if there is such a thing , you might be able to tolerate the bad film-making .
0 holy smoke , these people do n't even begin to try to capture the look or sound of the period they are purportedly depicting .
0 i strongly suspect pinhead visiting the set while shooting , because this movie has no soul .
0 what 's worth of this movie are the fight scenes , but they are islands in an ocean of boredom .
0 i have put off watching this sequel for the better part of 10 years due to the bad reviews i 'd heard about it .
0 a city full of people who sound as if they 've just returned from blanche dubois ' summer home 3 .
1 the children will like it , at any rate .
0 it manages to bore from the first five seconds , and to watch the entire three hours is an appalling prospect .
1 it is as close to the true crime story as `` dirty harry '' was to the true story of the zodiac killings .
0 the ending was so daft and stupid , i cant believe i actually paid money to rent this crap .
1 the voices of the kids were kids and seemed to perfectly match their personalities .
1 and of all the people josie has ever been with , jim is the first gentleman she 's ever met .
1 it does take a little bit to get used to the new actors , but i think you will find them refreshing .
1 a lot of people will compare this to such films as spy kids or catch that kid but this one has far more real characters .
0 this movie simply is not for kids .
0 not funny at all , looks like a 14 year old kid wrote the humor .
1 and this movie does not fail because of that .
0 this is truly abysmal .
0 every members of the cast is stupid and the director put every clichés of slashers movies in the film without effort .
1 good music , intrigue , and a death scene involving amanda 's revenge on an abusive dr. that will stay with you for weeks .
0 mary shelley 's frankenstein is a major missed opportunity .
0 but do us a favor qt and spare us the movie .
1 the actors who plays these roles , roberts ryan , mitchum and young , give excellent performances , each in a different key .
0 when we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was .
0 the best scenes in the film has to be the : 1 .
0 avoid at all cost .
0 the plot was the worst .
0 the directing : pathetic .
1 no one will ever nail the 60s down right ... it was too diverse .
1 i would recommend this film to anyone .
1 if you ca n't see it live then this is the next best thing .
1 and is great entertainment , too .
0 i normally hate these movies , in my previous review , house of the dead 2 , i could not believe how horrible the film was !
1 i would also consider it a fine example for other buddy action movies to follow , even today .
0 i try to see the good points and not focus on the bad ones , but in this case , there are almost no good points .
1 she plays well alongside michael emil as einstein , who is excellent to say the least .
1 their flaws are revealed , making them more endearing : during the drive he becomes macho and demanding , while she rebels and becomes petty and shrill .
1 please , believe me : in no other production you will find these characters portrayed so faithfully to the novel and so perfectly on screen as in this one !
0 it 's so bad that i have ran out of things to say and must simply fill the space ... ... ... ...
0 the movie was very bad , it poked fun at religion , several sexual oriented and suggestive scenes .
1 definitely a movie one must watch to believe ... and maybe own just to remind oneself of how awesome the 80s must have been .
0 the movie is not funny at all , its just extremely predictable all the time .
1 jodie foster was brilliant in the movie , if you are watching her for the first time in your life .
0 even the `` cool '' black guy was a caricature and every line he had was cringe-worthy .
0 expectations were high ; opening night fanfare was tremendous ; the film was a disaster .
0 i cringed in terror during each and every single second of this crapola film .
0 an actor of his caliber should be ashamed he ever set foot on the set of this disaster .
1 but , believe it or not , this film is much `` less '' conventional .
1 still things to come , aided by the direction of william cameron menzies and the sets created offer an interesting glimpse into the mind of h.g .
0 the final installment in the karate kid series is predictable , poorly acted , and so bad it borders on the enjoyable .
1 you will not be disappointed .
0 henry winkler is good , but even he ca n't keep this from being a likely candidate for worst movie of the year 2000 .
1 optimistic as frank is about his future , he finds himself facing his past all over again when he returns to his old stomping grounds .
0 after suffering through this wretched $ 1.00 rental i just had to make a few comments .
0 the story fills the movie with some uninteresting characters and the movie is perhaps also missing a true , good main character .
1 lesley anne down is a good choice and while she was dubbed she still gives it her all .
1 after the black album things were very much different for metallica .
0 it has the remnants of an original script , but butchered beyond all hope of redemption .
1 gorgeous fun .
1 i was 13 in 1979 when i first saw this movie and it really made an impression on me .
0 tom wolfe wrote a terrific book and this movie does nothing but improve on it .
0 norton character 's troubles were seen as a childish game , not enough deep to understand his problems / soul / blah and to root for or against him .
1 i saw this movie on vhs some time ago , just because of the name of paul rudd on the cover .
0 ok giovanni ribisi is a good actor but this movie is dumb .
0 the family is sitting around watching the interview , glued to the television like mindless zombies the very same people who hated this film .
1 clever man meets mermaid comedy with hanks fitting the bill as a lonely new york bachelor who falls in love with winsome mermaid hannah .
1 for me nothing compares 2 u , pia ... and i do n't suppose i 'm the only one who 's ever felt this way !
0 music plays throughout the entire movie , which comes off as a failed attempt at creativity .
0 can you say worst use of cartoon spliced with live action ever ? !
0 because as plots go , his has little that 's original , or even interesting .
0 although shue did a decent job in the movie , it could n't save the fact that it was a horribly written movie .
1 like many other disney films , i 'm still impressed with this one after rediscovering it .
0 i you want to see something good with your family , see anything else .
1 the viewer is really placed inside each era as it 's presented .
1 nothing comes close to the suspense and pure brilliance of this film .
0 so yes , i 'll say it : i think this may well be the worst film i have ever seen .
0 perhaps `` the sixth sense '' was not the most sophisticated horror film of recent years , but the quality of this knock-off is nothing less than ghastly .
1 i saw this movie five times and never get tired of it .
0 the plot was bad .
1 i have just seen saathiya , and i never new that i could be so gripped by a bollywood type movie .
1 at times the story may seem illogical but i beg to differ .
0 it 's so disturbing to me that kids so young and even older could commit such horrible acts .
0 the train scene when maria meets karl oswald falls flat when she insults the gi -- i cringed , it was so bad .
0 if you are the type of person who enjoys watching very bad films and laughing at their shortcomings , than this film is for you .
0 i 'm sure deep in the recesses of jack blacks mind the character of nacho libre is absolutely hilarious but no it is n't .
0 while some r rated movies can be watched by older teenagers with your supervision , this is definitely not one of them !
0 it 's so nauseating it 'll turn even the strongest stomach .
1 this is a film which does n't take itself seriously , and that frees it up to be really , really funny .
1 furthermore , the movie moved right along , was entertaining , frightening , and uplifting , all at the same time .
0 the `` special effects '' from the first shaggy progress surprisingly little , and look worse in color .
0 man this is awful !
1 all the actors shine and tarantino throws in wonderful flourishes , but ones that work with the story .
0 a ) this is my biggest problem : the editing .
0 but the donald sutherland character is simply dire .
1 any hitch fan should view this and go along with the ride and not question everything since it would ruin the experience .
0 probably the worst `` major release '' film i have seen in my life .
0 if you do not enjoy torturing yourself then stay far far far away from this garbage , for the love of everything that holy .
0 pretty much all the films stink , but at least this one is very watchable but bad -- sort of like plan 9 from outer space .
0 i would rather shoot myself in the head than watch another episode of the `` real '' world , because watching this show is actually more painful than that .
1 the other actresses are also good , and most of the scenes they share together are enjoyable to watch .
1 a good little find , this one , i 'd give it 8 out of 10 .
1 although the movie is really very sad from the beginning to the end , there are some classic scenes .
0 except for acknowledging some nice cinematography , i can hardly say anything positive about this movie .
0 these characters do n't echo the complexity of ray 's debut ; they are whiny caricatures of people we 're supposed to feel sorry for .
0 the only interesting part of this movie was it 's jazz and reggae new orleans back drop .
0 this movie managed to do what most movies ca n't , no matter how bad they are - this one was so unbearable that i could n't finish it .
1 starcraft has quality writing that makes the campaign even more amazing .
1 adam brody plays the intelligent and economical pot dealer and in his limited role is absolutely hilarious .
0 the direction is not very good .
1 i 've seen this movie about 8 or more times and i still get so absorbed in their performances that i forget i am watching a movie .
0 i 'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film .
1 to be fair , there are problems i have with opera that keep me from rating it as argento 's best .
0 i give it a 3/10 .
0 i know there are a wide range of tastes in entertainment out there , but this show is painfully bad .
0 and the special effects , while appropriately cheesy , look more than anything like foam rubber painted metallic gray .
1 what tears me up is that this few minutes of film was perfect .
1 as one would expect , the soundtrack from the era is terrific .
1 `` blind spot '' one of my festival favorites .
0 here , we get clumsily directed fight sequences that are either too short or too long and seemingly planned out and shot within an hour .
0 the only actor who was any good was the 10 year old boy , who actually had feeling when he cried .
1 but aside from these flaws it 's an enjoyable show .
0 and then there 's this annoying `` know it all '' kid with the voice of a 35 year old .
0 the characters were trite as were the observations on human nature and greed .
0 there is a problem having us follow jon throughout the film : he 's completely uninteresting .
1 this is by far one of the funniest shows i 've ever seen .
1 minnie moore understands that what she really needs is a man who trust her , trust her and love her madly .
1 and the two men 's chemistry is believable and never strikes a false note .
1 it was the greatest musical event of the 80s but , when i bought the dvd , i asked an attendant where it was located .
1 the only thing i ever really look for in a typical adam sandler comedy is a fair amount of silly throw-away gags , raunchy or not .
0 high strung is one of the worst comedies and thats why its unknown .
0 also the lack of an in depth look at actual street art .
1 also worth noting is a stirring music score from none other than `` pink panther '' composer henry mancini .
1 unfortunately i only got to watch it on a small poor tv , but the style and plot is still captivating .
1 the fighters are real .
0 this is by far the worse anime that came out of japan .
1 lynch 's portraits span all kinds of dimensions and take different directions , creating incredibly realistic characters and situations .
1 the story is n't brilliant and the acting is weak , but it still manages to keep you laughing with its originality .
1 the story line has many facets that unfold as the cowboy becomes entangled in the secret that he uncovers .
0 i turned it off 30 minutes into it cause it was so bad .
0 because only someone truly demented would want to sit through this terrible , terrible film .
1 a psychological thriller which kept my interest level throughout the entire film .
1 it is immensely funny , even if you ca n't catch all the details on the first viewing .
0 the monster truck i will admit is a very cool vehicle , but the less than suspenseful chase scenes ruin it 's potential .
0 5/10 as a series , 0/10 as a comedy series
0 it was filled with forced humor , fake crying and bad `` frasier '' style white words on a black background scene transitions .
0 no explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them .
1 mcbain is a monumentally stupid film , but for all that it 's also a good laugh , and action packed too .
0 the ending is not very satisfying at all , and does not clear up what the `` games '' were .
1 my only question at the end of the film was what happened to bob , camilla and the baby .
1 the film grabs on , and does n't let go , keeping the pace until the very last scene .
1 daryl shines as the ethereal madison and her scenes with hanks are as sweet as cotton candy .
1 enjoy chinese ghost story by trying not to view it through a filter of western culture and you 'll get on with it just fine .
0 this was one of the most ridiculous and badly directed movies i 've seen in a very long time .
1 the premise is unique and the way it plays with its ideas are just fun .
0 watching her rant and rave about her self-loathing and sexual frustration makes love crimes worth the rental fee , but it 's all downhill to and from there .
1 my father and i were in disneyland 1 week prior to the `` grand opening '' of this ride at disneyland back in 1987 .
1 beautifully shot , the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral characters , but as a study of inconceivable lust , it 's a winner .
0 some other unexpected defects in this wretched movie were the costumes .
0 the acting is about what i expected from this cast of mgm `` b '' actors .
1 i enjoyed advent children tremendously , and encourage fellow ff7 fans to go see it .
1 the man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and detention is probably my personal favorite .
0 much of this was a blatant politically correct attempt to show how appallingly treated the indians were .
1 that alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours .
1 how you react when plunged into the spotlight , or whether you even get a choice is something all together different .
0 the intense amount of useless character who die evoke no emotion .
1 this is one of the best noir films ever done , not to be missed .
1 the language , and use of both colour and monochrome segments adds to the dramatic impact .
1 that is why i like it so much , it is just such a classic in the adult swim history .
1 the timing , the camera angles and the music make this movie an absolute pleasure to watch .
0 in all , this is a poor film on all levels .
1 i guess since boys town is still here we do know that father flanagan did solve the problems shown in this film as well .
0 i think that this particular wrestlemania was a waste of my time and money ordering it on ppv .
1 director andrew currie has given fans of the genre something truly original to treasure and is a talent to be watched in the future .
1 with perhaps one of the most powerful issues to deal with , sumar displays true genius by making everything seem so subtle and hauntingly real .
0 but he tried to do too much and made this film a grossly exaggerated caricature of a relationship in crisis .
1 and when i watched it a few nights ago i became addicted to the movie .
1 you do n't need to read them , just watch them and catch the performance of `` in the navy '' by the village people ... and friends .
1 we 've never seen her before so it really feels like her story .
1 the story , acting , and production values are all first rate .
0 firstly , the plot of `` highlander ii '' destroys elements of the original film .
0 i mean geez no special effects or anything , it was boring and kinda anti-climatic .
0 was set up to deliver a class b film , the central effort being on showing scenes of beautiful exposed female breasts .
1 this movie is absolutely perfect .
1 this sleek , sexy movie is a must-see .
1 i 've seen it several times , but it 's just as good as the first time i saw it .
1 now , certainly memento came along afterwards and transformed the entire art of non-linear storytelling .
1 if you have n't read `` missy 's murder '' , you should really try to seek it out .
1 everything develops beautifully , the plot points are completely unforced .
0 this movie may in fact give `` plan 9 from outer space '' a run for the title of `` worst movie ever ! ''
0 then there 's the way he speaks with local guides whose english is obviously only rudimentary .
1 seen from both the male and female perspective it 's so engaging to see and feel the raw honesty .
0 that simply makes the film confusing and hard to follow , instead of being artistic .
0 i have nothing against remakes as such , but this one is just so lousy that it makes you even hate the original one .
1 i 'm not a science fiction fan , but i like this movie .
0 all exaggeration aside , it has as bad dialog and acting as i have ever seen by major actors .
0 i ca n't even say that you are going to see some good karate moves in it .
0 frankly , i could n't stand their antics nor did i appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film .
1 here was an actress , now nearly forgotten , who could easily equal in hilarity even fields himself .
0 bad directing .
0 scenes are busy , unoriginal , plot is hysterically stupid .
0 1/10 , not scary , bad story , and is just completely random .
0 most of the movie consists of painfully obvious `` fish out of water '' -type jokes .
0 rent animal house , american pie , old school or office space .
1 i give this film the strongest and highest of recommendations .
0 it really is hard to describe how utterly bad the love guru is .
0 the only real value such a film has is as a party film -- so you and your friends can laugh at how inept the whole thing is .
1 containing billy 's famous humor , this more modest comedy with heavy bittersweet overtones is a big departure , pleasantly unexpectedly so for billy crystal .
1 i especially like the `` dating '' scenes between the boys and i was drawn into their lives .
1 well filmed , well acted , moving , tragic , horrifying and funny .
1 very good political thriller regarding the aftermath of terrorism and the using of political torture to obtain one 's objectives in flushing out the terrorists .
1 you do n't need to think too much about it , indeed you only need to be conscious to see this one .
0 patently not true , if you were someone who saw any merit whatsoever in this 'movie ' , trust me , your opinion would be best kept to yourself .
0 that means , there are no characters as such , they are all plain stereotypes , and the movie relies completely on the quality of the jokes .
0 first off , this film has no story .
1 it represents a very different style of situation comedy than shows like `` the honeymooners '' and `` i love lucy '' .
0 think of a great woody allen movie , this film is as bad as that film is good .
1 i turned it on and could n't stop watching , it is a drama , but with a odd twist .
0 at the beginning , when the first victim is killed it looks like a bondage fetish scene from a porn site or something .
1 time has not been kind to this film from the transition days of sound from silent .
1 i watch it again and again , mostly for jack who is wonderful in his personality and development .
0 mathis is also way off as a park ranger , or something like a park ranger .
0 i suppose we can say the same about american directors attempting to make a polish movie while failing miserably in the process .
1 the style of maureen o'hara is unmatched , even today among the best in the business .
1 not sure when or if ever it will be on dvd , but it 's a keeper .
1 the movie will have you laughing as pierce delivers hilarious one liners .
1 but this film is far more serious and has far more adult themes than walt disney 's film aimed for the kid trade .
0 all that i can say is : trust daniel stern and avoid this movie .
0 this really is n't a funny comedy or a watchable western .
1 it is so good , that i spent years searching it on the web and i finally found the home video on ebay and bought it !
0 the story line is lacking in both content , suspense and subtitles , as what would appear to be story line is in russian .
1 they discover many things along the way , like true love , and true friendship .
0 the acting is horrible , the camera quality is equally terrible , and i 'm still not sure if i even fully understand the plot .
1 if anyone is a fan of any of these genres , this is the show to watch .
0 even ned beatty , who is a great actor , stinks .
0 it is , essentially , one gigantic plot hole .
1 this is one of the most touching films i had ever watched .
1 this one is definitely the best !
1 it is a showcase for griffith 's emerging style .
0 ultimately , this was a very pale imitation of cracker 's former glory .
0 it 's an unconvincing love story set right at the foot of himalayas , between a rich guy and a poor girl .
0 boring movie .
0 david wayne was never good in any role , this one included .
0 the acting 's bad and the direction is even worse .
0 no good story and the acting is also very crappy .
1 the final installment of agatha christie 's poirot is definitely worth waiting for .
1 beautiful & brilliant .
0 i wo n't mention the other actors as they 're only one-sided characters , uninteresting and shallow .
0 the acting is horrible and the movie is a big waist of time .
1 she played her role as the main woman to a hilt .
0 most of the film seems to consist of each character walking about in the dark for a bit , and then getting killed .
1 this is one of coscarelli 's funniest scripts , loaded with wit .
0 the movie would have been tolerable if it was n't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere .
1 i paused while writing my review to consider people who are n't fans of the show and what they will think , and i have kept those in mind .
1 it stands as a classic underrated film and a fond memory of my childhood .
0 there was nothing shocking , nothing exciting , and nothing entertaining in this movie .
1 i 'd love to watch it over and over again forever .
0 the kind of nasty stunts and scares that were pulled on the supposedly innocent victims was usually moronic or else just crude .
1 `` upper world '' is almost unknown today , but is an interesting and enjoyable movie with a high powered cast and a well constructed story .
0 the scriptwriter must be a beaver or a donkey or something and the director seems to be a six year old child .
1 it 's a delightful little film full of wonderful actors and a wonderful story line .
0 when i return this piece of crap to the video store , i will personally ask that it be taken off the shelf .
1 what `` pat garrett '' is n't is an exciting , visceral entertainment on par with any of peckinpah 's other major films .
0 inexpensive early synthesizers in simplistic arrangements were used for a large part of the music .
0 we do n't laugh , and we do n't hate her , because we just do n't care .
1 and if you liked christopher reeve in `` somewhere in time '' you 'll like him in this one also .
0 a horrible , horrible mash of crappy music and neon color .
1 i recommend it to anyone who is looking for a light-hearted movie .
0 she 'd been a feminist and `` comedienne '' for years before taking this role and then suddenly decides afterwards that the film was bad .
0 although dillon , lane and jones try very hard to take this movie on another level , there is no innovative storytelling and the direction is too ordinary .
0 none of these characters had any character development whatsoever and you did n't feel for them when they died ... quickly .
1 performances by richard widmark and jean peters are right on target , and the smart , sharp script is quite colorful .
0 shallow , no acting , effects too sloppy i mean , who made this series ?
0 i 'm tired and do n't feel like going very in depth , but here 's why this movie is horrible .
1 branagh 's `` hamlet '' is a bold , ambitious , and ultimately successful attempt to match the grandeur and poetry of shakespeare 's language with equally eloquent imagery .
1 i totally recommend that you see this masterpiece !
0 and martin short an actor i really like has been reduced to an overacting buffoon that is only a carbon copy of baddies that have come before him .
0 the performances are routine , the direction flat , and even the set dressing perfunctory .
1 this is a warm , funny film , in much the same vein as the works of almodovar .
0 this film was slow and contained no atmosphere or suspense .
0 he stood out too much and just did not fit the character of an insurance investigator .
0 i ca n't fully understand why this film was so mistreated , probably this is why i plan to never visit the us .
1 better than monsters inc or shrek .
1 i never forgot it though and recently bought the video on amazon , and enjoyed it even more , maybe as it brought back a nostalgia for the 1980s .
0 for much of the movie it seems to be mostly a comedy , but a shift takes place that the film ends up a tragedy .
1 the story of an obsessed lover and the lengths he goes to get his true love who 's already married to her husband .
1 and it not just your show it 's like that in a lot of shows always more white 's .
1 featuring a quite talented cast , this entertains and keeps you interested throughout .
1 the polish bros. debut film is a film of great brilliance and triumph .
1 a very underrated film .
0 by that i do not mean a grim undertone to the story ... but rather how literally dark the image was throughout .
0 this is certainly the worst movie i 've seen in a while .
0 being a fan of the game and watching this film made me physically vomit ! !
0 the second has two incompetent kidnappers , leon and paul take a teenage girl from her rich family .
1 there is more to the film that just that , and it is not always clear what is real and what is not .
0 the eerie music was well written but other than that , its a complete waste of time , and it really disturbed me ... .
1 a tale of loyalty , betrayal , and murder , done with a style befitting a new york gangster flick .
1 their chemistry is immediate and is the glue that keeps this film from becoming too fragmented .
1 derek jacobi is breathtaking in his performance .
0 rothrock does get to throw a couple of kicks near the end , but this film is so atrocious that you probably wo n't be awake to see them .
0 the dialog is worse than cartoons ... this film is just plain bad .
0 all the movie 's atmosphere is lost with dubbing leaving the slow frustration of a stalker movie .
0 even the action scenes fall flat - the hero is so heroic , the villains so incompetent , that there 's never any suspense .
1 one i would definitely suggest watching .
1 a line only bronson can truly make work .
1 this is easily the best cinematic version of william faulkner 's fiction that i 've ever seen , and i 've seen several of the most prominent ones .
1 it did n't take me long to get hooked on this film , and aside from a courtroom scene that is merely good , this is top-notch entertainment .
0 what i have found is sometimes striking , sometimes evocative , but often meandering and tedious .
1 the sound is all psychological , the music builds the tension .
0 i have to stress that this is not entertainment , more like a high school diversity lesson ... call it the `` blood on the highway '' of racism .
0 there is nothing positive i can say about this movie .
0 well , i wish i could have been in space during this movie so i would n't have had to hear any of these characters bitch .
1 i related to everything , and savored every moment .
1 i liked the performance of the hillbilly guy and of lester ... very believable .
0 this group of filmmakers exhibits little in the way of imagination or talent .
0 the plot is transparent ; the characters , unbelievably shallow , hackneyed and stock .
1 i watched this movie three times at different ages of my life and always did enjoy it very much indeed .
1 i do n't even want to tell you the story , just watch it yourself , very entertaining .
1 i did n't recognize many of the supporting actors , but they all play their important supporting roles well .
0 `` sebastian '' started to look good towards the end , but again , it fell right back down into a hole .
1 although the final moments of the film play in a conventional way the scenes work .
1 it 's a great suspense movie because lisa tries several ways to escape this ploy that jackson has set up .
0 all were wasted in this .
1 patricia clarkson is equally as stellar and realistic in a role that many actresses would crumble in .
0 instead it 's a love movie ... with the cliché of love so extremely played over the top , even shakespeare would vomit on this title .
1 it 's a heck of a lot better than that `` get rich or die trying '' film .
1 this is one of the funniest movies i 've seen in ages .
0 however , not all the clips are great and i make a special mention on the clip from israel which , in my opinion , is extremely weak .
0 it 's not that dramatic and definitely not that funny .
1 `` american graffiti '' is one of the most enjoyable films ever made .
0 this is one of the 10 worst made movies ever .
0 i despise watching an insipid actress who has been chosen because she is pals with the director .
1 the writer dresses up these problems and themes in the modern vernacular , crafts wonderfully honest characters , and has them do completely believable things .
1 budget was tight , filming was tense but he pretty much succeeded and the end result is an unconventional yet very enjoyable dark comedy .
1 the film also has some dark undertones as some of the characters slip into the darkness of their souls .
0 these reasons may indeed be floundering factors , but it is the inherent difficulty of filming an ocd movie that is at the heart of the lameness .
1 if you enjoy adamson 's films and similar trash you may well like this , for anyone else who may be looking for a lost treasure , keep digging .
1 he 's an old friend that never lets me down .
1 with great music from blondie , curtis mayfield , texas , melanie c , as well as indian hit songs .
0 this movies biggest crime , and yet its biggest asset , is that it is in french .
0 do n't waste your time or money .
0 when first looking at the orphanage 's plot outline i was less than enthralled , in fact i almost did n't watch it .
1 what is developing is an intriguing , character driven storyline with all the trappings of a big hollywood production , but without the pretension .
0 however , this movie is akin to a first filmmaker 's attempt at making a pseudo art video .
1 kerrigan allows us to think that possibly william keane has imagined the daughter although my own opinion is that she is real .
1 this movie got better with time .
1 viewing `` impulse '' is a very satisfying experience .
0 howard himself overacts like he 's making sure people two towns over can see and hear him .
1 but these moments are like icing on the cake to make it a complete experience .
0 this production company gained fame and fortune during the first half of the 90 's by producing terribly bad and cheesy horror movies .
1 i was enchanted by the story and characters , but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music .
0 a bad experience .
1 good recreation of period soho .
1 it is literally the first film i ever remember seeing and lead to a lifelong love of science fiction and horror films and prehistoric animals .
0 some were good on other shows , and others are new to a profession they should have never entered .
0 the only thing that saved this movie from getting like a 2 in my book is that kirsten dunst and her cheerleader friends are very attractive .
0 that does not have to be a problem , i like good entertainment just like anyone else unfortunately it is mostly boring .
0 not entertaining at all .
0 skip this `` movie '' and wait for the last movie of the `` trilogy '' , do n't buy or rent it .
0 the characters are wooden and stereotype and whenever they do something unexpected the act against their nature .
1 given lavish treatment by selznick studios , it is escapist cinema at its most enjoyable .
1 this is the funniest movie that i 've seen that does n't have to have any sex in it to make it funny , like american pie .
0 i know some people will criticize this comment but i feel strongly that these types of films fuel the fire of hatred and further misogynistic feelings towards women .
1 a cry in the dark is likewise clinical .
0 trainspotting was a good film - in it 's day - but unlike twin town it 's aged really badly .
1 the building and growing of lois and clark 's relationship during the series is something that will never be duplicated .
0 some have n't even been officially `` released '' yet and i ca n't even list how bad they all are .
0 the only things eating near this island of cannibal monks are the piranha !
0 and this pharaoh has another `` flaw '' : he believes in one god instead of a pantheon of gods .
0 a waste of time .
0 the only good thing that this movie created was that it made me hungry for ice cream , minus the dead body parts in it .
1 this is the most simple and cute movies that i 've seen this year .
0 to me it was a major snooze fest and i keep looking for something else while i watched it .
0 even the main characters act without reason so that by the time the film reaches it 's climax you do n't care what happens to any of them .
1 that is why it seems more valuable to me than other movies produced in 1950 .
0 it definitely did n't hold the kids interest either .
1 this is not the typical mel brooks film .
1 rating 10 of 10 stars .
1 it reminds me a lot of being john malkovich .
0 he is a gifted physical performer , but the film gives him only few moments to shine .
0 the film fails on all levels .
0 perhaps the must heinous crime this film commits is that it is excruciatingly boring .
0 unfortunately , the film was so technically bad it takes away from the brilliance of the story .
0 why i do not know , except that if i had seen it i would not have seen this very long 104 minute bore from hbo .
0 it starts really interesting - the story develops around the main character , who runs a `` cleaning business '' , specialized in cleaning up crime scenes .
1 bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films .
0 if there was someone in the movie who was supposed to be of a certain culture , they should 've used an actor that was of that culture .
0 please , brothers and sisters , do n't produce any more direct to video rat turds like this .
0 whole movie is made so it could be put in genre `` sick action '' .
0 if you have to watch an eighties fantasy film that was n't porn , watch `` willow '' .
1 not profoundly moving or insightful , but immensely entertaining , and at a brisk 90 minutes , feels like a walk with friends .
1 this production did not disappoint - michael sheen transformed himself almost magically into kenneth williams , and gave a performance that was as tragically moving as it was skillful .
1 this movie is one of my all time favorites .
1 with all of these components , you have a film that will blow you away .
0 quite possibly the worst film ever made .
0 one of the most ineptly made movies i have ever seen .
0 it is dull , plodding and lacking in suspense .
0 i swear , i actually felt nauseated after watching this festering pile of manure .
1 consistently funny throughout with great dialog and comic situations , comparisons have been drawn between it and my favorite wife which was actually released later that year .
1 really , really , try to get a copy if it ever comes out on dvd .
1 this film is jaw dropping in its splendor .
1 macy is brilliant in a part that almost seems written for him as a self tortured sole struggling to break the reins of his father and his business .
1 i am always amazed at the incredible range of characters that john hurt can play .
0 hilary 's acting was , i found , the most stilted .
1 it 's completely different , this and epic movie .
1 even though it is a bit stereotypical , it was played with charm and energy and is absolutely irresistible .
0 madonna , in her second starring role , had about enough acting talent at this point as a doll .
0 main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what i call entertainment .
0 no real plot -- bing cosby and bob hope fall into `` hilarious '' misadventures with princess dorothy lamour .
1 this film proves it started before the 1970 's & beyond when it has accelerated in the united states .
1 great musical and a film you will not want to miss , this is truly a great classic film .
1 a superb movie provided by a genius of composing each frame .
0 i find it hard to believe that one of the latino kids would thank and praise rodney king for this .
1 anne fontaine , the director , is someone to watch out for in the future as is edouard dubois .
0 this shopping scene , like the rest of the film , went on way too long with no payoff .
1 the story is well realised , a mix of fact and fantasy .
1 this is a gut-wrenching experience that teaches nothing but makes you experience everything .
1 the series is n't completely devoid of laughs , but aside from john reilly 's work , i laughed maybe 3 times during the whole season .
1 certainly , my entire family loved `` bonanza '' ! !
1 my favourite joke in the cartoon , is when bugs bunny receives a call in the middle of the show .
0 after the first hour , the movie really loses its way .
1 all in all this is defiantly a step in right direction for british film .
1 yes there are some over the top , goofy and somewhat embarrassing sight gags and a few interesting moments , but the film has heart , like herbie .
1 all in all , a 10 for realism , a 5 for being rushed , and an 8 overall .
0 robin williams is one of prominent comedian of hollywood but if you do n't have humor in script , even god ca n't save it .
1 it should n't have won any oscars , but it was enjoyable all the same .
0 pauline moran , who plays the woman in black , competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning .
1 andrews , whom i think knew what she was doing when she had the story end the way it did .
0 similarly , throughout the film any opportunity to explore morality , the role of technology , or cloning is passed by .
0 that dracula once handsome and alluring , now takes a worn out and gaunt look .
1 a very good serious adult like comedy .
0 not even the 40 seconds of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeems this of anything lower than a 1 .
0 however , there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals .
1 wonderful comedy that oozes the stupid stuff that makes old woody allen movies so hilarious .
0 not the worst film i 've seen , but a complete failure , in my opinion .
0 but the only factors that could have made or broke mommie dearest were the two main characters therein , joan and christina crawford .
0 horror flick fall backs , gore , pointless nudity , knocks against the catholic church .
0 this is the first time i have given a 1 rating to a film .
1 i just watched sb again -- three times -- this past week , for perhaps the 100th time .
1 i really , really liked it , it 's as simple & straight forward as that .
1 beyond the story itself , we see characters with their own personality , weaknesses and dreams .
1 i would definitely recommend this film to anyone that likes stories about the small town lifestyle and romantic comedies .
0 the characters drove me insane , they were so cliché and stereotyped .
0 horrible writing , incompetent camera-work , terrible acting , non existent direction .
0 all of the jokes were outdated references to not so current events that are sure to lose their poignancy as time goes by .
1 the music is old , but you really get used to it , and my daughter really loved it .
1 i love this movie , and in re-watching it again i was impressed by allison forster 's performance as madeline .
0 the story is different and the actors are different and it 's not funny .
1 `` citizen kane '' can not hold a candle to this true masterpiece of american cinema .
0 what a waste of time it was watching this us remake ...
1 the woman is laura cue the plot line from the otto preminger classic and she is hauntingly described by the wistful julie london version of the eponymous song .
0 first half was desperately been tried to look funny but was n't .
1 this is a satisfying , entertaining thriller that seems to have something to say about the way that the media sometimes conduct themselves .
1 obviously , pryor is a comic genius and is at his peak here in both material and delivery .
0 it is only worthwhile to see the unusually awful performances by such greats as sally field , michael caine , et al .
0 having seen all the coen 's movies i am left with a bitter taste after this one .
0 as a result , the movie is driven entirely by its contrived plot devices , which i find both frustrating and faintly irritating .
0 women should n't watch this , teens should stay clear of it unless they 're doing book reports on the subject .
0 although i never have watching daytime soap operas , this movie kills me every time i watch it .
0 combine that with terrible lighting & cinematography & you have a real disaster of a film .
0 seven mummies is a pretty poor low budget horror film that offers little , if anything , in terms of entertainment .
1 this whole approach , once you get used to it , provides you with all sorts of fantastic scenes and images .
1 the characters are endearing and it has a clear direction that i 'm interested in .
1 it was , again , one of those rare films that should never go out of print , but remain a staple in our cinematic community .
1 she provides the bite here and nails it down perfectly .
0 the interesting character is the brooding brother of the odd `` suzanne '' , another twit .
1 however , i had heard good things about the film and for that reason i also did not want to miss it .
1 with groovy tunes , inspiring dances and a story that will make you feel all warm inside , this has got to be the greatest film of all time !
0 if you enjoy `` mermaid '' , you will hardly like this title .
1 robin williams deserves an oscar for his portrayal of jakob .
1 it 's is an extraordinary world worthy of several viewings .
0 the actresses have had a bad job , they like amateurs players , not the professionals .
1 she delivers another great , charismatic performance here , and i could n't imagine another actress fitting as well in the role as she does .
0 but it is just too tedious and too poorly executed to qualify for even a movie to fall asleep to .
1 the show employs a great deal of humor and tries not to take itself too seriously .
1 this comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail .
1 all in all , a nice diversion from cagney 's more typical gangster presence , even if not up to the standard of his feature films .
1 it 's good for adults too because it 's biting and intelligent .
0 furthermore , scenarist don houghton keeps dracula confined to the ramshackle church and never allows the vampire to venture out into the city .
1 if someone asked me how to describe this particular work from franco , i 'd say it 's elegant & difficult .
1 a film that is well worth seeking out .
0 quite the most boring nonsense i have seen in a long time .
1 however , it did well enough abroad for a second season to be commissioned .
0 i am still trying to think of at least one good thing about this movie ... well i am done thinking ... nothing good !
1 ray charles ' strengths were evident throughout the film and his weaknesses were neither amplified nor sugar-coated .
0 the kind of title that ruins a film because it neither evokes the plot nor the characters .
0 in just a few words : what a very big disappointment .
1 the movie is supper funny and really sweet .
1 i just watched this movie earlier today for the 14th time in 3 days .
0 it 's a shame to see dennis hopper 's talent wasted in this dreadful movie .
0 there was no resolution , no cliff hanger , no obvious end ... it just ends .
0 in addition , i am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable .
1 homicide , life on the streets , network drama at its best ! ! ! !
0 if you want to see a great example of lumet and pacino working together at the top of their game , rent dog day afternoon and skip this .
1 plunkett & macleane falls into my favourite genre of film which is probably why i rate it so highly .
1 each episode is brilliantly written , and they were all masterfully directed , plus each episode is a classic in my eyes ! .
1 as a huge baseball fan , my scrutiny of this film is how realistic it appears .
0 i ai n't no expert on the beach boys though so cant really complain on the story that much ... . except it sucked though .
1 but a very young and very handsome ray milland could n't be better in an exuberant , uninhibited comic performance of great charm .
0 complete garbage , the cast is wasted .
1 yet another long forgotten and unpretentious film of superior quality which seems to have slipped through the net .
0 the dialogue throughout is witless , the acting almost uniformly atrocious , certainly campy , and the special effects abysmal .
0 it pains me to report that veteran actors like walter pigeon and joan fontaine are even cast in this muddled science fiction travesty , none of which rings true .
1 it 's about what it was to be a dancer with a dedication and discipline beyond what people think it means today .
1 this is a good buy and a joy to watch .
1 so much care went into every detail of this film , including a perfectly balanced surround sound .
0 do n't get me wrong , this is not the worst movie i have ever seen , but it could have been a lot better .
0 baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat .
1 although not nearly as sad as umberto d , both movies have a very similar point to make -- this one just does it in a very absurdist way .
1 several reviewers here on imdb have mentioned the word `` beautiful '' when describing this show .
1 not a perfect movie , but fun in the best matinée style .
1 while most film adaptations of books are usually inferior to their literary counterparts , marc forster 's film adaptation is a good one .
0 screenplay is really bad and unfunny .
1 one gets the feeling with this film that we have seen him done all before .
1 this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time .
0 for a gone with the wind fan this was deeply disappointing .
0 this films premise that `` he was gay and therefore weird and a great philosopher '' shows lack of respect .
1 in short , very worth a look , but it probably requires more work from contemporary viewers than the original 1913 audience had to put into it .
1 to hell and back rates as one of the truly classic and unique movies of our time .
1 this british documentary was recently shown on comedy central during their `` best of `` week and can also be seen on south park 's second season dvd .
1 it 's better than the other film 'the little princess ' as the secret garden seems to suit grown ups better !
0 her love interest is beyond words - horrendous .
1 taken in the context of the time it was made , i found this a worthwhile movie .
0 you realize that this mound of goodness was nothing more than fluffy cooked dough that will ultimately make you fat , lazy , and sleepy .
0 and why pride yourself on acting that is poor , nonsensical and results in the bad delivery of a handful of lines ?
1 it 's a case of alfred hitchcock successfully parodying himself , while in the meantime offering some memorable cinematic moments .
0 but now for the two main things deodato completely messes up .
0 giant gaping plot holes abound ; while i ca n't congratulate them for this movie , its nice knowing they 're finally potty trained .
1 i 'm not much for writing reviews , and i 'm not very good at it , but what an amazing documentary .
1 this is a bad movie in the traditional sense , but taken for what it is meant to be it is quite good .
1 just trashy , cheesy , campy and enormously fun !
1 had n't seen this for years but was able to relax and get a kick out of it .
1 splash was directed by ron howard , who is , of course , one of hollywood 's great filmmakers .
0 the story was really cheesy and pretty much badly presented .
0 but then why is this movie so bland ?
1 just before dawn is n't for everyone , but for the slasher fan , it 's as close to perfect as you can get .
1 i loved this movie for the quiet truthfulness of the characters , the authentic pictures of the countryside and primitive way of life , and the understated humor .
1 stray dog was perhaps the first of his films where it truly resonates in a global fashion - a timeless , classic film .
1 just stop looking for things to complain about with a movie like this and just enjoy it .
0 and the final number where macdonald goes from musical number to musical number in some mad hallucination was just plain freaky .
1 and jerry lacy is very funny playing bogart and giving allen advice .
0 the only redeeming quality of the film are its sets .
0 no one should be forced to sit through this film and i am pleased to see that it has never made it to video or dvd .
1 the editing was a little bit choppy at times but everything else was well done .
1 okay , upfront this is more about the psychology of the twins than a review , but on the scale i did rate the movie at an 8 .
1 thats why i watched it so many times .
0 the acting is very mechanical and fake , the special effects and the `` scary monster '' seem like they 're from an old 80 's pbs tv show .
1 chris carter wrote requiem not knowing whether or not the series would end after this episode .
0 the film ignores the fact that 95 % of the sex trade is women willing to sell their bodies for money and entry to the western block .
1 irwin allen , past master of cinematic schlock , pulled out all the stops in voyage to the bottom of the sea .
1 overall , this film is fun and well worth watching if you manage to catch one of its rare or late night tv screenings .
1 although this is not my favorite polanski movie , it is nevertheless a good example of his ability to create suspense and portray madness in very convincing terms .
1 this movie made me laugh , and i enjoyed it .
1 heartfelt drama about a man coping with being shut out by his wife , and by extension his son .
1 he takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist .
1 the film 's end is happy , satisfying , and inspiring , showing what the power of love can do .
0 i have never understood why any movie would have its most interesting character killed off in the first fifteen minutes .
0 i kinda liked the plot of the movie , but what makes the movie so awful is the characters .
0 a model of efficiency converted into a showcase of deficiencies .
1 and if you are moved deeply by this film i highly recommend `` amores perros '' which is done in the same style .
0 that , in turn , takes away any credibility that the plot may have otherwise had .
0 i myself enjoy a good action flick but i like them more upbeat and it 's only the action sequences which make this mildly diverting .
0 i tried to give this show a chance , but it really does n't sit well with me .
0 this is just so terrible .
0 the plot is changed so much that it bears almost no resemblance to its source .
0 well this movie is simply - a waste of time .
1 i had decided sight would be the one to live without since music has the power to make me weep .
1 hardly the dorky kids movie as noted , i still come back to this 10 years after i first saw it .
0 full-frontal nudity and several terrifically violent and bloody scenes make this a very bad choice for the kids !
0 fardeen khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry .
0 although there are plenty of movies far better than this , which i also gave only a 1/10 .
0 unless the film managed to redeem itself in the last 50 or so minutes i would in no way recommend this .
1 in fact i gave it an 8/10 for novelty as well as pathos .
1 the film also represents one of kurosawa 's more heartfelt movies ; there is genuine sentiment here and genuine pathos .
0 you will be shocked to see so many recognizable faces parading around such a horrible pathetic script with flat lines and horrifically bad acting .
1 it is different for everyone but for most of us it is love .
0 this is a bleak and majestic landscape , filmed in alaska and iceland , and absolutely nothing is made of its pictorial potential .
0 tobe hooper is quite possibly the biggest fluke the horror genre has to offer .
0 forget the positive comments on here , this is one of the worst westerns you 'll ever see unless you do n't mind being bored senseless .
1 this film shows up on the premium cable channels quite often and , i find that i keep watching it over and over again .
1 however , it is very much a film that begs to be examined more closely , rather than given up out of frustration .
1 as well , the cinematography supports the toughness of our hard boiled hero .
0 confusing is the word that best sums up the whole picture , and the end feels like a total cheat .
0 eva mendes 's casting is really the poster sign for how wrong , how ill conceived this commercial attempt turned up .
0 dialog is so horrible , that you literally cringe waiting for the next line .
1 i do think some of the problems were a bit cheesy and too classic overall though it was good .
1 there are n't a lot of good sci-fi shows out there ; but star trek and especially the new battlestar galactica are definitely better than farscape .
0 `` dick '' was so unfunny it was even impossible to laugh at it , let alone laugh with it .
0 i 'm not familiar with the other movies in the matt helm series but this is all i need to watch .
1 accompanied by oscar-winning composer rachel portman 's lush , emotional and dreamy music , this film remains a pure delight worthy of viewing more than once a year .
0 it just seemed like a movie suffering from an identity crisis - trying to be film noir , psychological thriller and gross-out horror flick .
1 the script is well crafted , and while you think you know what 's happening , the final solution is very unpredictable .
0 it´s sugar-coated sugar and would hardly appeal to anyone over 7 years of age .
0 but this movie ... oh , i like to smash the television to avoid watching it every time i see it playing .
0 a lot of the film was just plain laughable .
1 this one is perfect , exactly what i had been looking for .
0 just had the misfortune to see this truly awful film .
1 the result is minutes of fun , amusement , entertainment and slapstick gags .
0 they have a sense of self-parody and bravura abandonment , but after a promising opening it all goes to hell .
1 great piece of fiction played as if factual .
0 for a show that stresses over the top materialism and laughs in the face who are less privileged i rate this show 1/10
1 it is really underrated because mostly people gave it an 8 instead of 10 out of 10 and it should be on the imdb top 250 .
0 more of a battle of wills , a kind of sexual warfare where it seems one is in charge when in fact the other truly has the upper hand .
1 i 've always loved paranormal things , and figured a show called `` ghost hunters '' could fill my insatiable need to understand such things .
1 it 's gruesome , brutal , sexy , edgy , raw and innovative .
0 oh , and do n't even pay attention to the trailer or rating , please , do n't ...
1 having all those folks in one film is incredible .
1 if you liked lonesome dove this is a slam dunk for you to like .
1 the score i found initially sounded out of place , but as the film progressed ...
1 for anyone who has n't seen this movie , you have to go see it and i guarantee that you will thoroughly enjoy it .
1 this movie is one of the least known and one of the funniest movies i have ever seen .
1 `` the incubus '' is a mix of the good , the bad and the weird .
1 it 's flynn 's third appearance with sword in hand for warner brothers after captain blood and charge of the light brigade .
0 the appalling leading man , preston foster , is simply offensive and revolting .
1 in fact it won the best original story oscar for its year .
1 give a perfect murder the credit it deserves .
0 recently i saw this movie at the san diego latino film festival and i did n't like it .
0 no wonder producer raimi wont put his name to this abomination .
0 trust me folks , this movie really is that bad .
0 the storyline was bad .
1 the stooges did some great individual scenes , but this was their best overall .
1 i did n't see the very ending , but i got the idea of how tragic his death was to his mother .
0 i ca n't believe the other actors & actresses that i liked , , that stooped so low to be a part of this disaster !
1 not only does this movie have a great title but quite simply is the greatest drama i have ever watched .
0 the dialog was useless and did not ever look realistic .
0 one thing that made it so bad was that it put on airs of trying to be a great , inspiring film .
1 this is a serious movie about love , lust and obsession .
1 this movie is based on the true story of iowa housewife lucille fray , who got breast cancer after the birth of her 10th child .
0 this is a movie thats not worth your time- even if it is only an hour .
0 terrible , terrible film .
0 that it is such just makes it plain bad .
1 that having been said , this movie is wonderfully written and sweetly executed by kim novak and the venerable jimmy stewart .
1 there are and will be many more like this as we get through our current economic crisis .
1 james m. cain 's publishers managed to keep this movie off american screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic .
1 in the film , corbett is fleet of foot and avoids being hit by his opponents ; it is believed that he wore down john l. sullivan this way .
0 the fact that the farting dog was the funniest thing about this piece of sickness says it all .
1 nevertheless , these as well as other historical goofs do not detract from a truly splendid film .
0 nikita is , nevertheless , a victim of her circumstances , and like the rest of the characters on both sides , seems stuck in a very bad situation .
1 this is one great , sweeping , movie you will remember for a long time .
0 again : if you go into a jet li movie expecting magnificent dialog and an intriguing plot , you are going for the wrong reasons .
0 send in the director , writer , editor and all the other clowns responsible for this catastrophe !
1 a ton of my favorite actors in one movie equals amazing with out actually seeing it .
1 this movie presents a personal perspective of the aging process .
1 this is on my top list of all-time favourite films !
0 part of the problem is that we do n't care what happens to tom , as he is such an unlikeable character .
0 they are one-dimensional stock villain characters , the kind of guys you just want to punch in the mouth .
1 the film is just terrific , even the plot , which here is one of argento 's best at a coherent story .
0 but she is frustratingly underused and even her face is often hidden by poor blocking .
0 this really is the definition of lazy script writing and poor acting .
1 a must-see for all readers of jane austen and indeed all who wish enjoy one of the most brilliant pieces of film-making ever .
0 i ca n't say how much of it may have been changed , but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense .
1 i never heard of the actors before but i liked all three very much .
1 lost things however , is a daylight horror film - a very difficult genre of film to get right .
1 i found this film more charming than the cary grant film not only was joan blondell a barrel of fun but the house was great .
1 again , the leads make this film .
1 i agree a new updated version like be nice but the message is still right on .
0 i like character development , but come on .
1 golf , a painfully boring sport , is brought vividly alive here .
0 i ca n't believe i wanted to see that .
0 the acting is terrible , even worse than in third class soap operas .
1 we truly can watch how all the characters has change they have become more lovely with every episode .
1 this is a sweet and funny movie about the unexpected .
1 based on a true story during the years when greece was struggling to stand on her own two feet through war , nazis and hardship .
0 while many characters are mis-cast and neither ewan mcgregor nor toni collette puts in a performance that is worthy of them , the worst by far is paltrow .
0 very cheesy , direct to video b-movie .
1 even the music is first class and still does the rounds on its own .
1 i was completely absorbed in the film from the first frame through the final one .
1 the movie is also a detective 's mystery .
0 the movie was nothing but a bunch of really bad jokes and gags over and over , with hardly any plot and no substance .
0 i would advise you to not waste your time on the '60s and do something else with your time .
0 dire , drab and waste of time ... if anyone else gets the chance to watch this ... .do n't !
1 this is the kind of movie that will make just about everything else you see this year a pleasant movie experience .
0 i 've been a fan of their for years now , so i went in to this with high expectations .
1 the veteran actors were marvelous with the material they had to work with .
1 without being their finest , nevertheless this cartoon deserves a high rating from me .
1 dorothy janis is novarro 's beautiful love interest - innocent , vulnerable & passionately in love .
0 jane is equally confused with her role and her character never really gets going .
1 in my opinion , this film is a jewel , thanks to many things , of which one is the outstanding acting .
1 my vote is eight .
0 there are also no facial expressions .
0 flight of fury takes the mantle of being the very worst steven seagal flick i 've ever seen ... up to now .
1 this beautiful , dark , and funny film is one of tim burton 's best work .
0 given that roger corman attached his name to this production , i had high hopes for this film .
0 the acting of the entire cast is abominable , even though there are a few respected names involved .
1 there are hardly any traces of dirt or scratches and it looks like a proper dvd picture .
1 i was completely caught up in ruby 's situation as she tries to make her way through her life .
1 true , the last five minutes are hollywood stale , and some of the things in the plot are unbelievable , but the film holds my interest .
1 i barely remember this show , a little , but i remembered it was great !
0 the plot hinges on too many forced and improbable coincidences .
0 the cgi dragon is very well animated but the lighting is all wrong and the voice acting is pitiful .
1 this is hands down the funniest , most witty , sometimes scary and dramatic 15 hours of tv show you 'll ever experience .
1 great performances by both susan sarandon and sean penn .
1 this is another wonderful douglas fairbanks silent adventure epic .
0 the best thing about this movie is farrell , and it 's a bad when you have to say that .
0 the only redeeming feature is the music but there is not enough of it to constitute watching .
1 a deep story with deep characters , this is a movie worth watching .
0 horrible writing , incompetent camera-work , terrible acting , non existent direction .
0 not sure how they though any part of this would be scary e.g .
0 well , there is a plenty of ways how to spoil a political thriller .
0 sure , he does n't hit her but the relationship is very abusive .
0 plot and you have halloween 4 .
1 typical hughes - good story , heartfelt , funny - it has everything a good movie should have .
0 the greatest disappointment , is to sit through the whole movie , and the get the quick , rather bland ending .
1 sean penn gives an awesome performance as an incredibly unique character who is at once sweet and frightening made humorous by the same characteristics which are within us all .
1 a true winner and an instant classic ; the funniest film of the year .
0 not recommended .
0 the main character seemed to have this big hamlet thing going on throughout the movie and i totally did n't buy into it .
0 the acting in this movie was really terrible , i ca n't remember seeing so many 'actors ' in one film that were n't able to act .
0 no plot .
0 the scenery is drab , and the ridiculously long ending sequence of the girl walking through the barren park is as pleasurable as having a tooth pulled .
0 its that whiny arrogance , that you are ironically claiming the film exudes about sf , that makes you seem like such the typical la a**hole !
0 i felt mandylor and the filmmakers were spoofing crocodile dundee with his croc hunter , and this imitation might amuse where the monster itself fails .
1 uzak rings true in so many ways , and that sincerity is probably its greatest accomplishment .
1 all in all , a healthy comedy with realistic approach .
0 the actors have ability , they just do n't seem motivated to put forth the effort .
0 steve is in the dog pound and if he does n't get taken soon , he 'll be put to sleep .
0 i felt a minor anger and contempt for wenders during this , but it passed , as all else in this empty vessel does .
1 the commentary is superb and has a hypnotic effect , again maintaining the focus on the central characters in the scene and there actions .
0 it 's mawkish , and really comes alive only when stewart and mc entire are locking horns .
0 it was a dull , not very entertaining movie .
1 still , although it 's not perfect , the crow series is one of my personal favorite movie series .
0 it 's an ugly film , most of the time written and acted badly , photographed poorly and i 'm not talking on video problems .
0 laughable editing and continuity , where background items move between scenes , the soundtrack changes completely without any warning etc .
0 sean astin puts in a reasonable performance and vinnie jones tries hard , but the rest of the cast was appalling .
0 3 - the characters are so imperfect , that they become unrealistic caricatures , and the viewer loses any sympathy whatsoever for the leads .
1 the chaser has to be the best comedy of this decade , seinfeld being the last 's triumph .
0 not out to teach a lesson or anything like that .
0 it 's such a derivative mess ripping off every decent fright flick you can think of without successfully producing a single scare .
0 that 's pretty much the majority of the film : watching ' f ' suck blood with a voice-over .
0 while the sets of the original had a cool expressionist look , these had the look of a power rangers movie .
0 despite the tragic of this war , there is no emotion at all in the movie .
0 the quality both picture and sound are terrible , the acting ... well does n't exist .
0 however , mentioning wwii and some unrelated things was truly pathetic attempt to justify everything .
0 this is not black comedy , it is idiotic try and be as strange as possible boredom .
0 4/10 stars , or 7/10 if you like bad americana .
0 for someone who looked forward to this movie , i was heavily disappointed .
0 watch the sunrise instead , or watch this film and pause a moment to write a review that actually explains why you think it 's actually good .
0 it was torture enough having to see him imitate popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on full house .
0 the direction was equally poor .
1 if you did n't seen this show .
0 there is no character background or even an introduction to any of the characters .
0 the special effects are bad .
0 slumber party massacre iii is fairly well made , special effects are ok & it 's quite well lit but it 's all rather bland .
0 to make matters worse , the colors in this film are muddy , almost noirish .
0 whenever channel 5 has an old 80 's comedy on late at night , read a book instead .
0 no plot .
0 terrible script , poor direction , awful acting and you know what ?
0 this movie , while tedious , also suffered a tremendous flaw in reasoning .
0 in conclusion this is a horribly written , horribly constructed , disjointed light show with stilted dialogue and wooden performances .
1 i rate this movie an excellent 10 , just because i can .
0 yes , the scenery of the greek islands is spectacular , the best part of the movie .
0 for people that like movies , do not watch this one .
0 this conglomeration fails so miserably on every level that it is difficult to decide what to say .
1 die hard is a big budget action movie , with sophistication .
0 all the men here come off as horny and stupid .
1 in this way satyricon feels both foreign and recognizable , its images both seductive and repellent .
1 yet if you like it you ca n't help but admit that the movie is comedy genius .
1 d'angelo was still looking good around this time , so she makes for a good femme fatale and is n't afraid to show some skin .
1 i absolutely love this show , but i saw the second episode first .
0 i truly hope the third movie in this series will not follow the example of this waste .
1 i recall it terrified me immensely and it stayed with me all these years .
0 whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script .
0 i understand the fact that its made for kids but there is nothing likable about it at all .
1 gunga din accomplishes this perfectly by letting the audience laugh at and with the actors during their harrowing escapades .
0 i think the show was based around the novelty `` look , it 's hitler as a bumbling sitcom figure '' but it just fell flat in every regard .
0 this is truly one of the worst films i 've seen in a very long time .
1 i have been an office temp , and this portrays the way i felt all too well .
1 early days i know , but lane acts her socks off here .
0 bad directing .
0 i feel it is my duty as a lover of horror films to warm other people about this horrible and very very bad `` horror '' film .
1 an interesting comedy , taking place on a train from stockholm to berlin , december 1945 .
1 i really felt a whirlwind of emotions watching this film including sadness , anxiety and joy .
1 there 's a host more of these wonderful characters but space is limited here so watch the movie and enjoy them .
1 this may account for the strange behavior of helene , so perfectly realized by stephane audran .
0 to sum it up , bad acting .
1 this is what porn used to be , this is a true classic .
0 i can also assure you that the carnival is also not in the movie ... at all .
1 so go ahead and read it , watch the movie and then make up your mind about what ned stood for .
0 the movie , like all her `` solo '' endeavors , is an ego trip straight out of hell .
1 although , it 's obviously a low-budget film and has some weak actors , this film holds together and has heart .
1 she was excellent as usual , and brought a new strength and intelligence to the character .
0 nothing , not even the sexually explicit scenes and nudity , was enough to keep the male and lesbian female audience interested .
0 the movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything , it just keeps plodding on .
1 this film will undoubtedly be seen by many in myriad ways .
0 it 's mr. garland 's job , and his script simply does n't deliver .
1 just before dawn is one of those really good slashers that send chills down your spine every time you watch it !
1 this tv-movie is difficult to purchase and is not aired often so make sure you see it when it comes on .
1 i saw it as part of the popeye the sailor volume 2 dvd .
1 it 's a dated film , but that fact alone makes it worth watching as a glimpse of the racial picture in america in the thirties .
1 the growth of her character is believable , and as expected she is splendid in comic sequences .
0 the only good acting that happened was when nurse washington knew she was going to die and just had to make her loss felt .
1 advent children has ushered in a new era for cg animations , allowing the subtleties that lie in each character to speak volumes in and of themselves .
1 this film is totally mindblowing .
1 this was curly 's last short but he did a good job .
0 when reading the pages , i flew smoothly through the pages , feeling shocked , anticipating , interested , while the film just left me feeling vaguely sick .
1 this is just what we need , a show about the people nobody likes in high school or in university .
0 i miss the good old ' days when hindi movies were actually entertaining ! i could n't even finish this movie because it was so bad .
1 i love love love love it .
0 i think even alex wilson , probably the best thing about this movie , is embarrassed by it and does n't want to be associated with it .
0 by the end of this `` film '' i had lost the will to live and i may have gotten aids just from viewing this piece of cinematic crap .
1 when billie beat bobby does not know what it wants to be .
1 the three of them have demonstrated that it 's possible to make good thrillers in spain .
1 he further added , `` the caring and most talented direction by vidhu vinod chopra is worthy of maximum praise and awards .
1 that being said , the film is one of the funniest of the season .
1 i agree with some of the comments about the characters but cameron diaz was , again , sparkling in yet another very different role .
0 and , since they chose to call these guys seals , which makes one think they 're highly trained , why do they never aim their weapons at anything ?
0 i just had the hardest time watching this thing .
0 i 'd recommend armageddon over this piece of crap any day .
1 a great great biopic of ruth etting and martin , the `` gimp '' snyder .
0 i 'd love to be able to say i love `` dodge city '' , but to be honest i ca n't .
1 what i found was a surprisingly good performance in a wonderful movie .
1 this earlier offering exceeds the others in both ways : more characters and more complexity .
0 you made a terrible film choice ; does your long hiatus from directing have something to do with this turkey ?
0 but that is actually the highlight of the movie , nothing else interesting happens .
1 but it is so much more .
0 as a stand-alone movie , not connected to the show , it still stinks , but man ... it kills thomas in a way i 've never seen before .
0 do n't get me wrong that 70s show is alright but that 80s show is sick as .
0 a waste of film .
1 i had my doubts about jimmy fallon but he totally delivered as ben the comical , sports crazed sweetheart .
1 despite that one small gripe , the perfect son is a wonderful movie and should you have the chance to see it- do .
0 i am a punk enthusiast myself and even the music sucked .
1 hilarious , scary , moving , and above all real , it surprised me to see that this film did n't win any awards , not one .
1 i would n't say that , but he did a damn good job .
0 instead of a tragic , scary film like the first we have a gross , stupid film with an unclear and stupid ending .
0 i do n't know why , but when i am asked about bad movies i have seen , i often think of `` the air up there '' .
0 kids under the age of 8 should not watch this .
0 this film has absolutely nothing to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .
1 in my opinion , a classic masterpiece of european film-making .
0 this whole line of reasoning bothers me , because it implies that an adventure movie ca n't be funny , that it has to take itself deadly serious .
1 possibly my joint favourite of all the japanese modern horror films .
0 this was a chore to get through , and mercedes ruehl is a standout , but i give it a 4/10 .
0 this was the worst wrestlemania in history .
0 all great questions , but i really do n't think that is funny when you have the questions along side such tragedy .
0 as the british admiral forced to deal with kramer and company , james mason turns in a crusty performance .
1 it was an excellent look at post war japan and the struggles of the people to exist .
1 simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages .
0 i left the theater before the end , stunned by how bad the direction and camera-work of that movie were ! !
0 the characters lack character , the plot lacks story .
0 however , this one is the worst of the worst .
1 it deserves better and definitely uses its talented leads ' best attributes to its maximum advantage .
0 edmund gwenn is fine as the father , but no fun to watch .
0 the films one saving grace is that it does n't go down the `` all men are evil '' route .
1 for once a story of hope highlighted over the tragic reality our youth face .
0 they were treated solely as eye candy and background dancers .
1 it has all the charm and style of a low-budget movie which may become a cult film .
0 nope , do n't make hasty judgment t and associate this film to some liberal anti-war hogwash until you have seen it !
0 check your higher brain functions at the door if you intend to try watching this movie .
0 the editing was horrible .
0 if this is serious its a laughably bad movie and a great film to pick on for its badness .
0 how in the world could so many good actors do such a terrible job .
0 a completely pointless remake of the 1942 film `` the tank '' starring humphrey bogart .
0 reading that this film bears any resemblance to a guy ritchie film made me cringe .
1 we all know how will ferrell really talks , and he does n't stumble over his words like mr. allen .
1 if you watched 5 minutes of the actual show instead of watching the commercial you would have seen one of the greatest television shows in canadian history being made .
0 this is not one of them , this is just plain bad from beginning to end .
1 i watched this movie because some articles made me curious ... the film is very thrilling and full of sophisticated humor .
0 leaving aside the bad attempts to create humor , i was also annoyed by the fact that the interaction between the characters was overly violent and exaggerated .
0 seriously , ghostbusters seems like the exorcist compared to this load of tripe .
1 all of it adding up to a film that is as good as it will ever get !
1 this groundbreaking film is truly a work of art .
0 i could n't follow the point of any part of this story , nor any reason why i should care .
1 the ending , however , is much better than that in the novel , and i could not stop thinking about the movie afterwards .
1 but still , shortly after watching it , that title has a point ... 10/10 .
0 unfortunately , there is nothing funny , or intelligent , or accurate , or even worthwhile in this movie .
1 i give it a b- .
1 i always think that they have n't watched enough to get to know the characters or they ca n't quite relate to the abstract brilliance of it all .
0 had the film backed off in the disgusting imagery , it would have clearly been more watchable .
1 films such as this deserve more exposure and the spotlight should be concentrated on the talented actors/actresses involved .
0 as one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film , i found this to be a very disappointing movie .
0 there are some decent crashes pulled off on the screen but are usually followed by horribly crafted cg imagery .
1 this film has more cheek than any i have seen .
0 this is no way for people to act and degrades both sexes all the way through the movie .
1 without giving away too much , i can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not consider missing this film .
1 a little slow at times , but lets a thinking person see where the characters are coming from .
1 while the premise of the film is pretty lame , the film is an amiable and enjoyable little flick .
0 the second problem is the lighting .
1 your attention will be captured the whole time .
1 hopefully this show receives the treatment it deserves and becomes a cult classic .
1 james woods is a great actor and this is one of his best roles .
0 otherwise , you are best just to skip on this uninteresting and plot less bomb .
1 blake and smith are absolutely chilling as the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they 've done but are concerned about getting caught .
1 due to limited budget , the future , past , and present look pretty bad which makes it more funny .
0 it starts with a bad script , full of holes , and dialog so unlikely it 's embarrassing .
0 the story becomes so muddled and the acting is so bad at times that i had no idea what was going on .
0 acting : the hot girl , played by aimee whatever , is visibly laughing through many scenes where she is supposed to be scared .
1 i have n't seen any of his other movies but to kill a mockingbird is a highly regarded crime movie on this site .
0 characters seemed awkwardly developed , or ignored all together , twist ending was pretty bad , and the exposition took forever without exposing much .
0 there is little or no dramatic build up and some of the performances are so bad they have to be seen to be believed .
1 visual creative epic of inimitable style .
0 they were both in versatile and great projects prior to this -- why this movie ?
0 british actors posing as americans , there have been many that can pull it off like bob hoskins but he is n't in this one .
0 it just goes on and on .
0 even the gag about how governments do n't lie to their people was played without a hint of irony .
1 if you can watch this movie and not be moved to tears , you need a heart check !
0 unfortunately i found it to be embarrassingly bad .
1 lots of character .
1 if you 've never seen the show , i recommend this season over all others .
1 get the dvd so you can watch it over and over for the next twenty five years .
1 `` gracie 's choice '' was a very well written , acted and as a result a very compelling film .
0 best moment : realising that dennis hopper 's character is actually supposed to be irish .
0 i was hoping for something from the direction but unfortunately this has been shot like an episode of dallas .
0 as for the documentary , the filmmakers do n't appear to have any pov and the film is poorly structured and wildly uneven .
0 there is no other motivation to watch this movie other than to laugh at it , and its not meant to be a comedy .
1 the story was very believable and i totally lost it and cried toward the end .
0 four stars out of ten for 1.5 excellent seasons and 3.5 awful ones in a show that tragically never met its unimaginable potential .
1 the story does get a bit silly at times , but the players are all doing their best .
0 simple , if it is n't of god , it 's the of the devil , stupid !
1 be yourself , live your life to the fullest , remember those things that are important , and love who you are .
1 in this movie , it 's easy to see how the glasses become a metaphor for both his search and for his struggle between perception and truth .
0 the continuity mistakes were too big in number .
1 anyone can relate to this film .
1 this movie also had a lot of action with just the right amount of humor !
1 if you are a gone with the wind fan and/or enjoy romantic stories , see the movie scarlett .
1 both the wicked stepmother and her dreadful cat lucifer present a formidable menace that threatens the dreams and aspirations of cinderella and the mice .
0 it is n't even bad enough to laugh at .
0 all in all , i would not recommend this movie for you to watch , because there are many better movies available for your viewing pleasure .
1 a very painful series to endure but sadly put in a slot between two excellent shows .
1 in this respect , the film does n't `` preach '' any special meaning even though the film 's moral statements are still maintained .
0 i accomplished my goal for this semester , i have found a movie which is absolutely god awful compared to everything else i have ever seen .
1 the second half is a breathless actioner , the action coming out of the characters and their situations , thus making it all the more gripping .
0 please , do not waste your time watching this film .
0 warren beatty tries to be another cary grant but he just does n't have the latter 's charm , elegance , and class .
1 it was just joyful and poignant and above all uplifting .
0 there is also two explosions seen in this movie that i am almost certain were recycled from other films .
1 when we saw it everyone around us loved it .
1 there are so many tears of joy even god joins in .
0 absolutely wretched .
0 hobgoblins is a very cheap and badly done gremlins rip-off .
1 do n't think of this movies as just another kids movie - the whole family can enjoy it .
1 lobby your local cinema to show it if necessary , but see it .
1 lindsay crouse stars alongside him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work , and again is believable in her role .
0 only because this movie has n't graced mst3k , has it not received attention as the worst of all time .
0 the script is bad .
1 almodovar 's plots thrive on unlikely circumstances and chance meetings of characters .
0 the plots are utterly ridiculous including possessions by satan , evil twins and mind control through chips operated into peoples brains .
0 it 's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of our eyes , but we just do n't pay attention .
0 how could anyone who liked the previous jp movies even stand to sit through this 1 hour of drivel ?
1 eleniak actually appears unhappy throughout the film and never tries very hard .
0 next , the writing .
0 it is filmed well but , damn it is boring ! !
1 sondra locke 's performance effectively conveys the blend of ruthlessness and fragility that define her character .
1 this is a definite gem in the crown of columbia 's musical program .
1 their kindness makes them friends , including important people who can help find the mystery of their missing father .
0 the dialogue sounded really forced .
0 the acting was great , the cinematography was interesting , but the storyline , or rather , lack thereof , was a problem .
0 just a lame story about a crazy teacher , and of course her crazy students ... now all grown up , each of them.. with his/her own fixed ideas .
1 entertaining ... not the best , but good .
0 likewise , the characters that he creates never develop , they never change .
1 i continue to love this movie , i think i 'll watch it tonight .
0 if you 've ever read the book , avoid this movie like the plague .
0 this `` sequel '' is moronic , cheap , unredeemable , childish , phony , inept and badly acted .
1 it 's the ultimate escapist film with a strong story , wonderful music , an expensive budget and some quirky humor .
1 david jason was brilliant and was compared many times to buster keaton with his clever stunts that were pulled off so believably .
0 now i regret watching because it was so awful .
0 almost laughable if it was n't trying to be serious .
1 a must see by all - if you have to borrow your neighbors kid to see this one .
1 i 've seen this movie several times and have not been bored .
1 it makes a great laugh at the silliness movie , and everything in it is silly , so you 'll be laughing a lot .
1 harry caesar plays a really creepy man who forces himself on teenage billie in perhaps the movie 's most chilling scene .
0 really , whoever tells me that this guy has talent as a director or that this movie is a master piece is a real idiot .
0 this is probably a good thing since the first movie was n't even funny in an awful way , just horribly lame .
0 you 're not laughing because it 's fun , but because it 's bad .
1 but i urge animation fans in general to `` get off your high horse '' and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you .
1 my rating : 9/10
0 a root canal is more enjoyable than this . !
1 it 's countless laughs until you get to the end , yearning for the sequel , where the mummy fights wrestling women .
0 however he has none of the charm and intelligence needed to be a believable character .
1 the outstanding meryl streep gives an incredible performance as the woman accused of the most dreadful of acts .
1 the humour is everywhere , along with some very nice touches .
1 one of the best dracula movies i have seen , and by far the best low budget historical vlad movie i have seen .
0 the whole thing is just ludicrous , from the awful acting to the laughable fx to the stupid plot .
1 hope you all enjoy .
1 the film only features three performers , but it never gets boring even though the film runs for over 110 minutes .
1 the actors are stupendous .
0 expect a ton of jokes about poop that are n't remotely funny .
0 looking through the credits and at all of those involved , amazes me how they all got paid for this embarrassment .
0 it is so bland and boring , and not the way an american movie remake should be .
1 goodman is great , as he usually is .
1 he is a truly gifted actor and i would n't hesitate to see him in anything , because he brings it all to life and gives it a soul .
1 ***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** this film struck me as a story of undying love , surrounded by lies and betrayal .
1 it 's a shame that more people have n't seen this movie in recent years .
0 finally , there are maybe five or six zombies total , definitely not a nation .
0 there is no chemistry between the actors , nothing that indicates what attracts the characters to one another .
0 i was honestly confident that , having being dumbfounded myself at this movie 's epic badness , everyone else would have at the very least disliked it .
0 as unintentional comedy , however , it 's pretty entertaining and might rate 5/10 .
1 the cinematography tends to be both romantic and bleak , which best describes the moods of tchaikovsky .
1 anyway the only flaws may lie in the american cut , so i can not go below an 8 .
0 the most disgusting part in the race is the viewers finally knows each of the team members ca n't enjoy their race/traveling experience .
1 its a bit unrealistic how jean peters immediately falls in love with widmark , but this point is necessary as otherwise why would she later hold out from joey .
0 so much of what we see and hear in regards to any election is such a joke .
0 my grade : d-
0 the hairstyles designed for the film give new meaning to the phrase `` bad hair day '' !
1 lloyd nolan as a police detective is terrific as always , and conte gives a smooth performance .
0 then it goes completely downhill and turns into a whole catalog of `` your basic slasher clichés '' .
0 this is an awful movie from just about every point of view .
1 their previous calendar featuring local scenes did n't sell well and chris is sure she has a winner with this novel approach .
1 one of the smartest movies to come along in a great while , it 's also very funny .
0 i am sorry to say that it was one of the worst films i 've ever seen .
0 sadly , good acting , a little humor and suspense is where the good points end .
1 if at any point in the movie you were to pause it , you will see the delicately crafted work of this man .
0 so , my recommendations ... avoid the movie .
1 it certainly gave an idea of modesty by rogers and chaotic life by mickey at night , the friendship between them , and the way they played .
0 i kept waiting for this movie to make sense at some point , and it never happened .
0 even the cuts between scenes were terrible .
1 while these two characters are somewhat over the top i bet everybody who watches the film ca n't help but to like these two guys .
0 the detective is what spoils the movie ; his acting is lame , his character is useless and his part in the ending was beyond laughable .
1 its fun because they talk so fast you ca n't get everything the first time its nice to go back and laugh at the other jokes .
0 this movie is so bad leno 's character , a sanctimonious buffoon , is less annoying than morita 's character , a sanctimonious fool .
1 that 70s show is the best tv show ever , period .
1 it is a comedy classic and my only beef with it is it makes me miss the 80 's so much !
0 my grade : d+
1 i consider it a very honest story about the realities of daily living and the conflict of what we might wish or expect from life and what we get .
1 i love duvall and watching him do almost anything is almost always worth it .
0 all in all , i give it four out of ten since it has some funny parts .
1 mgm certainly had a flair for creating lyrical moments like these .
1 anyone out there who has kids , especially girls , should find this series and get it for them , they 'll love it .
1 overall , i gave this movie a 9 out of 10 stars .
1 both films that come with my highest possible recommendation as well , but i 'm strongly convinced that nowhere is araki 's best and most personal achievement .
1 if you don´t cry when you watch this movie , you must have a heart of stone .
1 george cukor did not make another movie after this , so this was a good one to go out on .
1 the acting is quite good too , the actors look comfortable and believable in their surroundings and most importantly the jokes are actually funny .
0 katie must have inherited her arrogance from her mother , the most annoying character i have seen for a long time .
1 9 out of 10 .
0 i was sad to see him going through the motions in this silly half-baked excuse for a screenplay .
0 unbelievably dire .
0 beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue .
1 love it or hate it - give it a real review or type nothing .
0 this film is a complete waste of time .
1 nevertheless , `` beauty and the beast '' is one of disney 's most original movies .
1 if you have strong parental feelings or enjoy movies centered on the power of human love and attraction , this story will move you like few films ever have .
1 there should be no comparisons between this film and the naked gun or airplane since the latter two films are well written and funny .
1 we can learn a lot from this movie and we should be proud on our great treasure on earth .
0 i understand that this was no attempt to make another citizen kane or anything , but oh man , this is seriously painful to watch !
1 really enjoyed this little movie .
0 richard crenna is about as animate as a chew toy .
0 all in all horrible comedy .
0 and never show this fantasy for a science again !
0 there is absolutely nothing funny about this movie n o t h i n g !
0 this is the type of movie that 's just barely involving enough for one viewing , but i do n't think i could stand to watch it again .
1 this a good lugosi `` who-done-it movie .
0 the limp ending is terrible as well , it just sort of ends all of a sudden .
0 the intrigue , satire and wit of this movie is totally lost if you have n't seen henry fool .
1 loony is an apt description of both what it intends to be and what it succeeds in being .
1 what a outstanding movie is this i have not words to describe .
0 it was nice to see some life pumped into this dead film , but it does n't last long .
0 the only scary part is the tunnel that you have to cross through to get to the village .
0 i do n't care what ghetto you grow up in , people must speak in a realistic way and the cast did n't .
0 all this movie does is reinforce the stereotype that anyone who looks at porn is perverse and needs to be cured .
0 the beginning to this movie was captivating , but after a while it starts to lose it 's flair .
0 so the bad music + lori petty = super bad movie .
1 still , quaid has got a brilliant rapport with short , and some of the important matters are resolved .
1 other than the lame stunt at the end this is a perfect blend of action comedy and drama .
1 henry fonda brilliantly captures what we have long believed abraham lincoln was like .
0 but , this movie is incredibly bad .
1 the choreography , the storyline , the dialog ... the movie was a work of art .
0 the only thing that keeps me from rating this movie a 1/10 are the groovy outfits worn by cassandra peterson .
1 this is one of the few movies i have seen that was actually able to make me cry .
1 joey has it all including a gambling problem that effects everyone in his life .
1 page ever since i first discovered her in my adolescence between the covers of dusty tease magazines at the barber shop and the five and dime .
1 while there may be what are perhaps considered glaring inconsistencies , the film portrays a spirit that is unique to australia , and one that should be cherished .
1 discover : academy award winning director bob rafelson 's first feature length film , as written by academy award winning actor jack nicholson !
0 on the credit side , and contrary to what one reviewer wrote , the only genuine , authentic feature of this thing is the artillery .
0 do not waste your time watching this film .
1 a great story about a young girl who 's had enough and other worldly forces trying to help make things right .
1 it is in the telling of the story that the audience is privileged to discover the joys and trials in a child 's view of being extraordinary .
1 a first rate comedy and who-done-it , that led to murder at the blackboard and murder on the honeymoon before the two stars went their separate ways .
0 if you want to see an almost competently made film of her 's , check out `` bad girls go to hell '' .
1 this is a real find .
0 the trailer itself looked like a mock trailer , but no they indeed made a full movie , and a rather weak one at that .
0 i give two marks for a few decent special effects and a whacky ending but that still feels a bit too generous .
0 there is really not much to be said about this incredibly awful tv show .
0 the screenplay also was n't as witty or as fun , and the film felt anti-climatic .
0 rest of the movie it 's fun to watch in first fifteen minutes because it 's bad but after that it 's going worse .
0 i can not even imagine gigli being worse that this .
0 i do not recommend this movie for kids or teens -- or even adults for that matter .
1 i do not want to give too much away about this film as it is worth watching not knowing the sequence of the events as the film unfolds .
1 not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting .
0 interesting , but the satire just does n't work because it 's not funny and at its heart the film has no heart .
1 so i 'm looking forward to seeing more of the cashmere mafia an i give them 7 out of 10 stars .
0 poor character development .
1 keller is alluring as lisa , the young woman who knows more than she 's letting on .
1 this speech 's original place is at the end of the novella as balzac sums up the human comedy with huge irony .
0 characterisation was also poor , with each person behaving in ways that were completely unbelievable .
1 this is a heart tugging yet not sappy story of a couple who realize they need a child to keep them together and their only option is adoption .
1 it 's relevant , and a must see for anybody who stays informed of current affairs .
1 some racial stereotypes aside this is a very well thought out and captivating film .
1 it has clever comedy set-ups with payoffs late in the film , which is hard to do well and i really love when it is .
0 that 's the whole plot , and that 's really all that happens .
0 so many people introduced then forgotten , plot lines that go nowhere , laughs that are fun for the moment but have no context .
1 the film was so suspenseful and such a surprise - i was not expecting such a great film .
0 in any case , avoid at all costs , unless you 're a keanu fanatic .
0 woeful acting .
0 i was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credentials but in the silly story line that reads from a five year old 's comic book .
1 but on the whole , kal ho naa ho is as different as they come .
1 joan crawford , van heflin , raymond massey and geraldine brooks give outstanding performances in a movie that is well ahead of its time .
0 harvey keitel looks like he 's just expecting a paycheck .
0 every cliché in the book has been rolled up into ninety minutes of pure torture .
0 i could go on all day about all the plot holes & ridiculous goings on but i 'll run out of space if i do .
1 the flyboys is sure to please everyone , it 's fun , funny , and an overall great picture .
0 but by the time turbo : a power rangers movie came along , i realized that it was just going on nothing .
1 it is a comedy classic and my only beef with it is it makes me miss the 80 's so much !
0 combine this bad film making with bad acting and you have something almost as bad as tom cats or sin city .
1 why ca n't this type of compact , entertaining mystery be filmed in the new century ?
1 still you should , d see it for the sake of seeing how a low budget version of war of the worlds can be made even with flaws .
0 this movie has many negative stereotypes , not only of african-americans but of music industry people , especially the hip-hop music world .
1 its very entertaining and keeps you stuck to your chair , even after watching it about 50 times , i cant get enough freddie .
1 i just stumbled over this gem on a very independent tv station & i 'm still stunned .
1 this cartoon focus mostly on the pool game and table , combined with tom having his own way of fun with jerry .
0 spitting on small girl outside of papa john 's .
1 if you like clever humor that is n't afraid to push the limits of good taste , then i highly recommend this .
0 crap stuff that plays on cable trying to cash in on old themes , crap like the conan and robin hood series , and yes hercules and xena .
1 it will leave a lasting impression on anyone who has ever lived in - or visited - québec .
1 it was an excellent dark romantic thriller that luckily did not star woody allen .
1 this film instead is a satire , and it is doing great .
0 it finished before it finished what it wanted to say and that annoys the hell out of me !
1 in its genre : fantasy and sci-fi this is a guaranteed winner .
0 son , the oldest , basically raised them , and their lives are pretty lousy , though seemingly normal for the setting , rural arkansas .
0 avoid at all costs !
0 i found the movie quite frankly boring , and really of not much interest .
1 jamie fox gives a performance for the ages as ray .
1 a must see for those who like violent movies .
0 filthy tries desperately to shock and scare but ultimately just fails .
1 the acting is so very natural that from both the comedic and the tragic aspects the audience completely believes in these beautiful young people .
0 the central problem in this movie is that it 's bad from the start , the whole idea is pointless .
1 i saw the film twice over a period of 20 years -- on both occasions with the name `` brotherly love '' .
0 the performances were not that bad but the story was awful .
1 the love is incredibly strong , and stands as the centerpiece of the film .
1 and there 's the infamous jam session with raines and elisha cook jr. which just comes off the screen with incredible sexual energy .
0 i do n't even really remember that much about this movie , except that it stunk .
1 highly recommended !
0 a low rent affair with no name actors and laughable effects , not recommended for any reason .
0 older kids will despise this , unless it has a nostalgia factor to them , which it does to me , and i still hate it .
0 acts more like a teenager than the wise elf she is supposed to be .
0 chris kattan is a great sketch actor on saturday night live ... but he should probably leave the movie industry alone unless he gets some sort of creative control .
0 one , which they consummate and live with ; and the other , which they adore , yet foolishly ignore !
1 i found this to be a heart-warming cinderella story - but one in which cinderella is a powerful woman in and of herself .
0 first of all , jenna jameson is the best actress in this movie , and she 's just awful .
1 i realize that abc has basically canceled this wonderful show at this point , and will most likely replace it with some show beyond the point of integrity .
0 the drawings and animation are terrible .
1 distortion is a disturbing , haunting film , about life imitating art and art reflecting life .
1 even considering it was a low budget movie it was still a very good story and very well acted .
0 the endless courtroom scenes are just too dull .
1 especially with one of the best love songs of all time , `` i will always love you . ''
0 when crispin glover takes on larry , the story-telling was better , but i just could n't take anymore ...
0 the film also contains one of the most unsatisfying endings i have ever seen which really leaves the viewer hanging in the air .
0 i watched the dvd and felt afterward that it was , indeed , a truly awful movie .
1 everything you 've come to expect from this series .
1 the rose deserves to be seen in such a grand venue .
1 10 out of 10 .
1 it is a rather slow movie compared to your typical hollywood movie , but then again the story and characters are also stronger .
1 and if you still do n't get it , try another twenty times .
0 this movie neither succeeds as a film noir nor a western .
1 if you like josh or are thinking of casting a kid who knows a few things , he 's your man .
1 the dialogue is witty , and the humor is completely unpredictable and fresh .
0 but we watch slashers for the murders , not the performances , and graduation day fails to deliver on most counts .
0 mark wahlberg is a bad actor in a bad movie .
0 i give this film a rating of 1 as it is truly awful and left my entire family with a sense of being cheated .
1 after the first few minutes i thought i was wrong , this movie was going to suck but as it progressed it did get better .
0 this film is so formulaic and stupid that i could n't help but laugh at every predictable `` plot '' development and piece of dialogue .
0 michael douglas is usually a dependable actor , here is obviously going through the motions .
1 anyone who loves lillie 's later work should n't miss this one .
1 it is really to bring to life an interesting idea of a world of two enemies : fire & ice .
0 the film does n't have a sufficient overall arc or thru line and the result is a jumpy and disjointed narrative .
0 only for those who love movies that look like they were shot in someone 's backyard , or in the director 's case his grandmother 's general store .
0 the result is a dogs breakfast , that is , a complete mess .
0 then there ` s a final plot twist that left me feeling like an idiot for watching this
0 some bad guys hijack a multi-million dollar oil rig and proceed to hold the british government to ransom for it .
0 one example of the cinematic deterioration of this franchise is in the opening scene and is likely to cause nausea among fans .
0 i do n't know where to start to explain how much this movie annoyed me .
1 just sit back amid enjoy this movie , again , and again , and again , like i have !
0 this movie is worse then bad , it ` s boring .
0 i ca n't remember when was the last time i have been so terribly disappointed by any movie .
0 this film could very well be the worst film i have ever seen and should be pulled off the shelf and locked away forever .
1 the use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contribute to the overall impression of constant motion and vitality .
1 not the best film ever put to screen , but enjoyable .
1 at first you wo n't expect such light-hearted comedy from the country of bergman .
1 i really hope that this comes out on dvd as i would buy it .
1 also the most expensive at the time , but every penny and every bit of the talent behind its creation and execution is up there on the screen .
1 i found the six episodes to be even funnier than the subsequent `` naked gun '' movies .
0 the action is typical hollywood : slow-motion gunplay and martial arts .
1 amazing film ! i advice everyone to see it.i am sure people wont regret and will really have a good time .
0 and seeing the characters ' poses while fighting did n't help either .
0 now i love corny romances and give them plenty of space but really -- -this is unbelievable !
1 as silly as that sounds , the movie really got our imaginations going .
0 and more importantly what kind of weed was the writer and director smoking when making this awful pos ? ? ! ! !
0 if a `` comedy '' with no laughs , terrible acting , thin plot and annoying characters are your thing , then this film is for you .
1 if you do n't like woody allen movies this probably wo n't change your mind .
0 meanwhile all the dialogue goes to jar jar and anakin , played awfully by jake lloyd .
0 but if a naked body is pornography , this movie with all its brutality is pure pornography at its very worst .
1 congratulations jacques , give us more of the same please !
1 i highly recommend catching this film .
0 the unrecognisable , lame cast are accounted for , as are poor audio and visual effects .
1 yes there were italian stereotypes but it was done well and funny .
1 as a film obviously aimed at the younger demographic , it is certainly one of the better works in the genre .
1 when you think you have caught all the clues watch it again because you will see many more that you did n't see before .
0 the acting is some of the worst i 've ever seen , the characters are totally unconvincing .
0 someone , apparently at warner brothers , suggested this movie , a low-budget musical comedy filmed in a wretched color process that all but killed the project in itself .
0 the only thing remotely redeeming about this movie is the short scene in which the main character strips her pants off .
1 the movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time .
1 i was sorry to have missed paul o'grady 's 25 year celebration in october 2007 .
0 as he holds up a prosthetic leg ... 1/2 a star out of ****
1 thirty minutes into this film , i felt the strongest identity with each of the characters and my heart actually ached for them .
0 do n't waste 90 minutes of your time on `` fast food , fast women . ''
0 if citizen kane is the number one movie to see to learn anything about cinematography , this might as well be at number 2 .
1 not a film of high voltage excitement , but solid police work and a good depiction of the faulty mind of a psychotic loser .
0 since the actor is not handsome , nor charismatic nor charming , the character is left wholly unbelievable .
0 the best that i can say about this film is that it was mildly amusing at times , and that it was an adequate time killer .
1 i have n't seen a documentary this honest since the movie on r. crumb .
0 if the name of the production company is any indication how stinky a movie is , then this would be it .
1 this is a film based on a whole load of brilliantly memorable moments .
0 from beginning to end , this is the most emotionally overwrought movie about nothing i have ever seen .
0 i wish i 'd stayed home and watched the tv show instead .
0 he made and produced some amazing films - but that era ended with carnosaur being his last `` creative in its badness '' film .
0 the whole thing just reeks .
1 such a well-written script and excellently directed .
1 in my eyes everything he touches turns to gold .
1 produced by mgm in 1953 this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that has n't dated one iota !
1 personally i like the film , and even like askey to an extent .
0 this film was boring and lackluster and by no means was compelling .
1 he has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players .
0 the able cinematographer provides some stunning images but , in fact , his focus seems to be on garth , who is quite the stud .
0 this forgettable horror film wraps up with a pathetic and desperate twist ending .
1 all i know is that this is one of the most entertaining pictures i 've ever seen , extremely funny and quite emotionally affecting in places .
0 i will have to say the main actor trying not to spill the invisibility potion on himself is one of the most baffling acting jobs i 've ever seen .
1 engaging plot , memorable characters , meaningful theme , wonderfully done scenes and atmosphere ... dead poets society has it all .
1 the lion king series is easily the crowning achievement in disney animation .
0 if you 're in a mst3k mood , you might find this watchable , but for the most part you can forget it .
1 please see this film and look at it for what it is ... a good mystery with great performances .
1 after seeing it , i immediately rushed out and bought the dvd collectors ' edition and have watched it many times since .
0 ** from ****
0 i like scary movies and creature features but this one just did n't do a thing for me .
0 sadly , after making so many great films to this point , stone was forced to rebuild his career after creating this crummy film .
1 if you 're into the genre , though , there 's no way you should miss this excellent motion picture .
0 `` van wilder 2 '' ranks as a forgettable follow-up to the original with a modicum of witty lines .
1 so , while all the window dressing blake had pioneered remained very much present and accounted for , grant added his own personal spin to the carnal content .
0 bad acting , bad southern accents , inconsistent cinematography , horrible script ...
1 i will give leprechaun this much , it may be the funniest damn movie i have ever seen .
0 i am at a loss to understand the amount of in-depth analysis and discussion that this pretentious bilge has received from its misguided fans .
1 what this movie lacked , and which mimi rogers demonstrates so well in the final act , is the notion of faith in the face of overwhelming doubt .
1 as a person who has recently been to a hospital too many times i find the hospital a very timely and rewarding satire .
0 the worst jackie chan i 've seen to date .
0 it seems this film was randomly pieced together without the slightest attempt at continuity or consistency .
1 have seen this superb film twice no thanks to the poor distribution and availability on dvd .
1 spoilers tom and jerry is a classic cartoon , with a flawless idea , and almost every single short is a gem .
1 it will be a difficult one to find , but if you ever get your hands on this make sure you rent it .
0 and as i watched this i kept asking myself `` how the heck is dracula with his black cape and get up going to fit into all this ? ''
0 i recorded this thinking that it might be cheesy fun , but really , there 's no fun to be had .
1 more intellectual and artistic as the characters are made to look good rather than deviant .
1 i thought ruby dee was wonderful in role of poitier 's wife .
1 audiences and critics alike loved don q even more than the original .
1 my vote is nine .
1 quite simply , one of the best british movies ever made , in fact one of the best movies , period .
1 although i 've never actually gone to the woodstock festival it seems while watching this documentary you are really there .
0 i mean come on thats funny cause its so bad !
0 this film is so tiresome , so lackluster that i was actually insulted .
1 he loves his son dearly and although he may not be able to show it to him , his actions throughout the film express it to the audience .
1 gently , and profoundly moving , with excellent location shooting and an apt musical score .
0 a man in blackface lands in a spaceship and meets a girl who lives in some sort of shack with a monkey .
0 i suspect it must have done when someone green lighted the production of this movie but the end product is terrible !
1 if there 's one thing i have to give this game above all else .
0 sadly , `` s & h '' lacks any shred of subtlety .
0 it has identified a pretty wide group as its target audience and panders to it relentlessly in the most general sense possible .
0 however , it 's unfortunate that i already invited a few over last night to suffer through 80 % of this movie with me .
1 and even when his family settled for good in football crazed texas , morris ' passion for baseball remained strong .
1 all in all , i give this picture my highest recommendation .
1 as an education on how to succeed , this movie is fantastic , albeit unpopular .
1 it 's hard to find a film like this one -- it 's even impossible .
0 i was sick of the whole sorry mess after forty-five minutes .
1 the scenes with jean-claude van dame is beautiful , even though this actor is sometimes laugh at , he appears as an angel in this film .
0 granted , piper perabo & others do an okay job for the horrible lines they are forced to utter .
1 standing alone , it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message .
1 not as good as the evil dead but a close second .
1 this is a great movie and reveals a great deal about people and their ability to change .
0 its the type of movie you watch and wonder why anyone thought to make since its neither good nor bad , it just sort of is .
1 as a mother , i loved this movie .
1 the second being a man who has always wanted to be a woman , whose pain and loneliness is shown with so much sensitivity and brilliance .
0 mary is just about as horrible a role model for young girls as there is .
1 it 's a far from flawless picture , but it remains a unique , literate and important film in the pantheon of classic horror .
0 my god `` the dark , crocodile , the lamp `` and hell even `` blue monkey '' did a better job trying to get a good scare !
1 she not only possesses fantastic comic timing , her face is as expressive as one could ever wish for in an actor .
1 she brings simplicity and class to this picture .
0 the way the movie was pieced together makes me want to blame the editors .
0 instead , we 're treated to cheap , amateurish , unfinished sketches and depravity and weirdness for its own sake .
0 the new paige definitely ca n't act and i ca n't believe she is now in a prince & me 3 and 4 .
0 that actually sounds like it could be a good movie , but `` knife in the water '' this is not .
0 this one has basically no positive aspect to it and is third or fourth rate , maybe worse .
0 only for those serious students of the history of drive-in movies .
0 it was as if they tried to make it pg-13 but failed , so they left the edit .
0 the end is disappointing and there is no suspense .
0 the hard part about this scene is the complete intrusion and discomfort we have as an audience watching someones life end in a gruesome fashion .
0 only reason to get a 2 instead of a 1 - the slim chance that the hacking occurred between film release and the horrible version that i watched .
0 the actors stare at each other mindlessly , like the are in a trance .
1 i was totally addicted after watching it for the first time .
1 the acting was great , not a lot of horrible 2nd rated comedy lines , john ritter always brings his a game when it comes to comedy .
0 not only are the song lyrics retarded , they sing badly .
1 jean simmons shines as sarah brown .
1 it 's nice to focus on the matter at hand , but seeing the wider view of things is fun , too .
0 and last of all , the movie is boring , they are good boring movies like `` lost in translation '' etc .
1 if you have n't been tipped off about the mysterious `` thing '' that makes these brothers so odd ... you 're in for a treat .
0 i know these types of films sell tickets and make a profit for the film makers but it just wo n't do as a film about vietnam .
0 the whole plot is ridiculous situation piled on ridiculous premise .
1 the characters are believable and the story is interesting .
0 as for the direction , i can only say this director also directed `` conflict '' another third rate bogart film .
0 this is boring and uninspired with wild music playing as chan calmly walks across the street .
1 a good mix of science fiction and cop drama , with the occasional good joke .
1 it 's a cute and witty film that confirms what i have known all along .
1 batman : the animated series was one of the best animated shows of all time .
1 i believe that it will be in theaters in canada some time around mother 's day .
1 it fulfills any expectations for a good drama .
1 all the supporting players round it out , and i do wonder who trained all those elephants .
0 the performances here are utterly absurd .
0 twenty `` developments '' get teased out , to no discernible entertainment value .
0 the party scenes go on much longer than they should , as if he were trying to buy time for the anemic scenario to work .
1 this was an absolutely delightful movie to watch .
1 to summarise , mr. bean is a truly superb sitcom suitable for all the family .
1 if anyone learns otherwise i would love to hear from them .
0 ang lee 's second short film was less than good with mediocre action scenes and a story that did not make much sense .
1 i love this episode .
0 and death has now become a metaphor for game over , so now , when a filmmaker reaches into their bag of handy shocks there is little left .
1 few movies are made that are so flawless .
0 seeing gillian leigh 's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two is n't incentive enough to recommend it .
0 the acting is extremely bad , the story telling is absolutely weak .
0 liv tyler plays a sumptuous beauty , but her acting skills are not yet sufficiently developed to give the part any real kick .
1 it 's all low-key and unpretentious , with sober direction and cinematography , but surprisingly effective .
0 she delivers her `` lecture '' as awkwardly as it is for us to watch it .
1 sexy and fierce , tender and sensual , philosophical and melancholic , she convinces the audience in every scene , and she actually is `` really pretty '' .
0 since i live in vancouver , watching this movie and recognizing all these places made it unbearable .
0 such a lack of cohesion would be more forgivable were the skits themselves not so hit and miss in terms of quality .
1 her consistent use of intimate scenes reminds the audience that such a universal theme is grounded in a specific location that is worthy of close-up attention .
0 some of the most awkward , badly lit , overlong scenes are played out with the gusto of a valium overdose .
0 she seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy !
1 i would like to see more emergency in dvd .
1 this shows you what type of world we live in .
1 as he played a very rattled and fragile character , he took his ability to the very edge and really worked the role .
0 i 'm actually a fan of dennis quaid , ca n't imagine what got him into this project .
0 what a complete waste of money .
1 hard to explain really , but that 's how it is , it 's mind blowing .
0 even the usually redeeming quality of partial nudity is negated by the fact that the girls are ugly .
1 i have passed several times on watching this since i figured it was some dumb , sappy , dated romantic comedy .
0 it consists of bad written script and broken storyline , poor soundtrack , too many bad quality special effects , humble acting .
1 a highly original film using a myriad of genres and film techniques to stunning and powerful effect .
0 she was so cold throughout the movie that we did n't get any idea of her character 's personality or motivations .
0 lacking any coherence , intelligence , and sophistication , the film plods along unveiling each special effect without anything really special .
0 so not only is this movie humorless , it is amoral .
0 i would n't even recommend this for kids , even really stupid kids .
1 they were superb individually and when they were together it was even better .
0 the lead was praised for her singing but sounded like she screamed every song -- it was almost impossible to stand .
1 that is something fellini could do very well and he does not reject it in city of women .
0 but i can give you an idea of your lesson , stay away from movies staring sylvia kristel that are not emmanuelle .
1 christopher lloyd also performed great , and the acting of many supporting characters was solid good and fit the plot precisely .
1 i have to think back a *very* long time to find a film that 's made me laugh quite so much .
1 of all the male actors , he captured his character best .
1 as gripping and powerful as it is , abandon ship !
1 if you like binoche you will love jet lag .
1 elfen lied is an beautiful , emotionally charged story about human nature with a catch .
0 it seems like araki was testing how far he could go and then cheerfully exaggerated some more .
0 seriously , it 's rare , even in straight-to-video dogs like this one , to hear music of this woeful caliber .
0 also the champagne lunch with the cia agent at the end is terribly phony and acted at an uncomfortable feeling .
1 pretty good movie overall in the sense that the story keeps moving and there 's no soppy love scenes to slow things down .
0 `` pola x '' does not come anywhere near living up to the promise of carax 's earlier work .
0 only amanda root , as jane 's beloved school teacher , evokes any authentic sympathy or believability .
0 these are two actors that i like , they just did an awful job in this movie .
1 highly recommended .
0 save 96 minutes of your life and do something else more constructive like watching paint dry or grass grow .
1 in the end , wolf is able to tell of faith 's decent into drug abuse and his own guilt at not preventing the suicide .
1 there are many kind of art not everything is bigger then life and this film is not too big .
1 respectively , collette and cumming create characters who are very real people , and as such become a vital asset to the overall success of this film .
0 ok end of the story is - all the kills were a joke on the main character and no one is actually dead .
0 many of the scenes were unbearably slow and long without moving the action forward .
0 it was undoubtedly supposed to be funny , but it failed .
0 admittedly , i watched the mst3k version of this , but it 's not actually too bad outright , at least compared to others which deserve my cinematic hatred .
0 it was the worst of the worst .
1 without modern slang or self-referential phrases , the cast gives an effective sense of continuity between this film and the first `` bambi '' .
1 unlike a lot of bergman 's depressing work in the 1970s , i felt good about the film when it was over .
1 dev is not a conventional story which we see in all cop movies .
0 without scott , this one would barely merit a 3 .
1 this series was a lot of fun .
0 the effects in this film are laughable at best and the sheer cheesiness of it all is enough to rob the film of any chance of being taken seriously .
0 i also suggest that you and your pals write down every single moment of stupidity and inanity that you can find .
0 this was a horrible attempt at bringing this book to the screen .
0 i really did n't care for jason at all .
1 the man is to jazz and anime what john williams is to classical movie scores .
1 from the best decade ever !
1 gavras superbly complements this with her camera-work , as a lot of the shots are orientated around anna .
1 i do n't want to give too much away - you just have to watch it .
0 the songs except the title track were no good either , when the songs played in the 2nd half i could feel the collective gasp from the audience .
0 if you just want to watch a couple of your favorite firefly characters have a good time with some sub par material then this might be for you .
0 the acting is flat .
1 she 's only in the film about 25 minutes but those scenes radiate an eroticism that has been unmatched by any film since .
0 the movie could have been an interesting depiction of a true story , but it is n't .
0 finally , disregarding the rest , the movie was not funny , and i did n't even seem to get a chuckle at that .
0 all in all , very bad , cheaply made movie .
0 the only person in the movie who does a good job acting is don cheadle who has probably never done a bad movie in his life .
1 `` begotten '' takes a twisted and disturbing look on the origin of life .
1 with an eclectic cast one does n't expect to see together , each diverse actor provides a little something for everyone .
0 i was so bored that i started counting the wrinkles on his face , cause he 's that much of time on screen , just talking .
0 the story is pointless .
1 highly recommended to all .
0 when she appears as lady anne , this film comes to a screeching halt , which it never recovers from .
0 his little solo in the parking lot had little style , technique , or any wow factor , all of which are part of a street dancer 's criteria .
0 i ` m sorry hawk but looking all homo erotic while riding a horse through a forest against a disco soundtrack just doesn ` t do it for me .
1 you will find the 20th showing of any of these movies more enjoyable than the first viewing of spy hard .
0 fans of really bad b-movies might find something of interest here , otherwise , do n't spend a lot of cash .
1 turned out that it was a good thing that i did , as it was quite a satisfying sf flick .
0 please - do n't waste your time or money on this travesty .
1 while with the life aquatic he may have tried to do too much , the darjeeling limited shows anderson finally perfected his style .
1 the action is non-stop and the dialogue , though very `` offensive '' , is right on target for the setting and mood of the movie .
1 the andromeda strain is my all time favorite movie and the first time i saw it i was about fifteen and was awed !
1 the message of the toll that war takes on average citizens comes across clearly -- there is no happy ending here .
1 i saw in imdb that this is the first feature of the unknown director martin murphy , and i really expect to see his next works .
1 great show for the family ..i cant tell you how many times i have sat up watched this show late at night sometimes and laughed my head off .
1 the real einstein had a genuine human side and this film just takes it one step further .
1 they 're all funny , but fred willard steals the movie with his explosively funny performance as the dog show announcer who says the most outrageous things .
0 i know that jackie chan is a great martial arts expertise , but not a good actor in rush hour 2 .
1 do see it especially if you have boys and you 'll find it stimulates conversation about fun and safety !
0 i give you with 1/10 the first real dud of 2004 .
1 this is one of the best films i have ever seen about mental illness and definitely the best documentary about a rock musician i have ever seen .
0 it was all because of that awful satan met a lady which greatly hurt his career .
1 an original plot line and amusing situations helps make this film better than average .
1 his interaction with dunne , is always convincing , too .
1 the story is told well , the characters are either endearing or repulsive and all very well played .
1 this is a smart relationship film and it entertains all the way .
1 but since the good outweighs the bad exponentially , i highly recommend `` kung fu hustle '' to just about anyone because of both its action and comedic elements .
1 for alice is the place she could n't have ; a safe home and company she was missing probably .
0 but the material just did n't let her shine .
0 mediocre acting , uneventful script , and the camera work was just plain , amateur .
0 it is extremely obvious that the director and writers did not do their homework as this terrible movie is utterly crammed with inaccuracies .
0 the best way to watch this movie is not to watch it , just my opinion .
1 in retrospect , hearing that speech at a climactic moment in the film brought home how we are living in a historically charged moment which will always be remembered .
0 the perspectives are terrible and the colors look good , but not stellar .
0 plus all the things that are supposed to be funny are just dumb .
1 all four are performed very strongly .
1 in the end , she never rises above her caste , but the story was fascinating and the acting was really good .
0 not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama .
0 i rented it because i thought it would be a campy sort of `` troll 2 '' funny , but it 's not .
0 there 's nothing interesting here and not even a lesson for anyone to hold on to .
0 however , after mentally pep talking myself to struggle on , after the first 20 minutes it began to be quite a bit easier for me to endure .
0 if halloween 5 was a cruel joke to the fans of the series , than halloween 6 is a like a vicious insult .
0 please do yourself a favor , and do n't bother watching this .
1 it 's dated , of course , but if you can leave that aside it 's still good fun .
0 good performances by sam neill , james mason and olivia hussey ca n't save it .
0 slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre .
1 the characters are charming and amusing , reflecting those idiosyncrasies that we can all laugh about in ourselves .
1 this was my first lynch film , and as such i had no expectations whatsoever .
1 i have been a fan of will smith for years and i have to say this may be his best film yet !
0 a total disappointment , it even lacks solid gore apart from one scene with a guy in a bathtub .
0 so , if you want a good recipe , do n't watch this movie .
0 excuse me , but my tongue was too in my cheek when we filmed this piece o ' poop .
0 first off , we have sam elliot as a nature photographer who 's scouting around ray milland 's island seeing a lot of dumped waste and rubbish everywhere .
1 if you can catch the episode where `` jeff '' goes to the sperm bank , you will see how good this show is .
1 if all bollywood films are like this then we 're watching more .
0 time skips ahead again and shows a grown sho , this time void of kei .
0 another reason to blame the script is that vaughn helped write it .
0 and there no story .
0 the `` breaking and entering '' as a step in overcoming individual alienation is unconvincing .
0 the conversations have no impact or meaning .
1 it was full of nostalgia , music and dedicated actors .
0 truly one of the worst films i have ever seen .
0 i 'm warning you : leave this tasteless cash-in garbage where it should stay : getting dust on the shop 's shelves .
0 what was surprising was precisely how bad this movie really is .
0 this was such bad art it made me cringe to watch this sequence , and this music just totally did n't belong here .
0 the brain that would n't die is one awful piece of film that stinks from the opening credits .
0 with eric roberts and alyssa milano added into the cast , this one is b-movie 'straight to video ' all the way .
1 fun and entertaining throughout -- it almost makes you believe this story is true !
1 this is not the best giallo that lenzi made , but it 's certainly a good one and i recommend it .
1 reid 's eyes and face reveal all of may 's anguish and despair .
1 actors were a bit young for their parts , but otherwise believable and talented .
1 `` mr. harvey lights a candle '' is anchored by a brilliant performance by timothy spall .
0 watching this gives you a feeling as if you just accidentally killed your pet ...
0 it takes a fair plot and turns into the worst film i have scene in a long time .
1 the strength , however , really rest in the performance of billy pepper and thomas jane who portray the friendship , rivalry and respect between two great players .
1 he is the definitive ebenezer scrooge , i do not think that they could have found someone better !
0 well , one of my guilty pleasures is bad movies and i am a devoted fan of carroll baker and this movie fit both bills .
0 man , what an awful film .
0 the dialogue is lost , random and illogical .
1 this is a must have for anyone who has an appreciation of rock music .
0 there is no steady build up of tension and no real climax .
0 1 out of 10
0 also derek 's complete lack of acting talent is almost painful to watch .
0 the only good bits are the cracking start and , of course , reggie b .
0 because the same tale is told over and over with only slight variations , it becomes tedious to watch .
1 i suggest every gay male see this film , and if you have a boyfriend , thank him ...
1 my son has a love of mysteries and `` spies '' , so i thought that this would be a good movie for him to enjoy .
1 these two genres usually mix together just as well as oil and water do , but mehta manages to achieve the balance to near perfection .
1 that said , allow me to say that this is a stunning work that i 'm sure i 'll come back to again and again .
0 denzel 's acting is stale , and the supporting cast 's mickey mouse attitudes are annoying .
0 there 's no way to actually summarize the story into something coherent , so i wont even try .
1 i know nick is meant for kids , but every once in a while a brilliant show appears that can be enjoyed by teenagers and adults .
1 still it is a shahrukh 's movie and he has done ample justice to his role .
1 secondly , the acting was one of the best by an ensemble african-american cast in recent years .
0 camp value only .
1 the last samurai is a movie about the fascination of americans for japanese culture , more specifically japanese heroism .
0 all in all , a big waste of time !
1 it is fascinating and poignant and is not just a film , it transcends the category and at points becomes art .
1 golden boy is in my opinion one the sleeper / lost treasures animes out there .
1 he keeps it moving and large chunks of the plot are explained by images and not clumsy exposition .
0 amid sporadic funny moments , there are a lot of actors trying too hard to be funny .
0 this poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered .
0 i mean , i try keeping an open mind about things but i just do n't relate all that well to the upper classes .
0 can´t stand how a director can make a film like this .
0 the actress kim is overacting as a bitch and the story is so dumb that i really ca n't believe the hype when it was released .
1 this is pure , classic , camp with a great ending .
1 some reel changes are a bit rough but this does n't take away from the story .
0 i give it 4 stars out of 10 .
0 all and all a 4/10
1 `` cavite '' may not be a favorite of everyone , but it 's an affirmation that one does n't need to have millions of dollars to create suspense .
0 and it must have cost a few bucks to get gérard depardieu but he was utterly wasted as well .
0 beyond the bad script , sub par performances , weak story , and average direction , best men never really decides where it wants to go .
1 the english title `` strayed '' was well-deserved , it summed up the plot well .
0 any contribution he 's made to film concluded more than twenty years ago ; his work is just embarrassing , safe and/or dull .
0 patricia arquette , though pleasing to look at , gives a below par performance from her usual mediocrity .
0 the story is n't all that interesting , it is the usual tale of love found and lost .
0 how you could mess up such a classic book is beyond me , but they sure did .
1 so this film is more than charming , if you like crazy adventure films and do n't mind that they play strange and many air scenes look rather peculiar !
1 you will not regret watching it .
1 this movie made me laugh at stuff i 've always laughed at and things i 'd never thought i would laugh at .
1 `` guy is cleverly tipping his hat to brecht ! ''
0 this bothered me particularly because it was much more interesting than the actual plot of the movie .
0 he overdoes fester so horribly , that i actually cringed every single second he was on screen .
0 a vile and pointless film then , almost but not quite rescued by a compelling central female performance .
1 i give it a 10 and a spot on my favorite movies of all time list .
0 i ca n't truthfully say i recommend this `` movie '' to anyone who is n't doing a very leisurely john stockwell film festival like i am .
1 when she first step out on stage , and started to riff and strut her stuff , it made my soul shake .
0 the movie begins with a stalker , played by colin hanks , filming women at the beach and at the park , obviously searching for a victim .
0 this movie is beyond useless .
0 definitely , definitely the worst film i 've ever seen , no questions asked !
1 its a very light funny movie guaranteed to make anyone laugh .
1 the appreciation of this film is , therefore , in direct relation to the amount of one 's knowledge .
0 ** from ****
0 taken from about two feet away .
0 this subplot feels like it was tacked onto the story , hence one gets the feeling that it came out of nowhere .
0 this film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value , but also in acting , as well as just generally bad movie feeling .
1 this film was entertaining and thoughtful , with a cohesive plot and very believable characters , set in the reality of the nation 's capitol .
1 this riveting feature that 's mostly made up of unknowns , is way better than your average dark thriller .
1 i saw this movie when i was a child and i love it .
1 i really love this woman .
0 if there is an air bud 4 then it better be better than this !
1 hanks does a great job as always as well as jude law who plays his creepy role to perfection .
1 but she actually does an excellent job , holding her own with a gere in top form , which is no small feat .
1 the film would have earned a 10 from me if it had featured anthony hopkins more .
0 the plot line is muddled , dumb and makes no sense .
1 we all understand the fighting and the apocalypse now type of drama , but this is so so different .
1 of special mention is the signature ambush sequence that easily belongs amongst the best action sequences ever dedicated on a frame of film .
1 a great achievement of this movie is revealing all the characters involved in the wine industry as they really are , avoiding a cliché `` good against evil '' .
0 this character is incredibly stupid , not funny , and very obnoxious .
0 the people in charge ; the director , producer , writer should be ashamed for recognizing what kind of crap they were creating .
0 believe it or not , the being is worse than dna !
0 also the deeper questions and meanings of the movie gets muddled in the drivel of the movie and its script .
0 affleck does a fine job or running around yelling , but there is n't a lot of development in the young ryan or in any character we meet .
1 and while most have been good , this particular episode was not only the best of the best , but has few rivals in the emmy categories .
0 i will repeat again , do not watch this movie ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 kung-fu hustle gets a well deserved 9/10
0 i wo n't be too hard on this show because i enjoyed the first season , but then , things got worse .
1 this movie is cute , funny , sad , and sentimental .
1 i must have seen it at least 20 times and never tire of it .
0 the plot is ridiculous just as the special effects .
0 do yourself a favor , if you actually have some self respect , keep away from this awfulness ! !
0 this film is a horrible parody of a great film , `` 12 angry men '' .
1 tenko reunion deals with the women meeting up in 1950 and discovering old friend christina is a communist traitor and they narrowly come away with their lives .
1 it resonates with all your best emotions , and it 's as american as apple pie .
0 the storyline is utterly pointless , with werewolves , mummies and frankenstein 's monster thrown in for no discernible reason .
1 i never heard of this film til it played as part of a robert mitchum retrospective at the national film theatre in london .
0 i did watch it all the way through but god knows why : i ca n't remember laughing once .
1 highly recommended .
0 the entire movie is just one huge example of how little the producers actually knew about nasa .
1 the film is long enough to be very substantive in content but short enough to grab your attention .
1 the story is generally good , the artwork of high quality and the jokes are typically ... tom & jerry .
1 wow , i really enjoyed this show !
1 this film is sad and tragic and funny and intense .
0 jim cagney is an outstanding actor , but he should have never been offered this role .
1 funny and sick , violent and poetic .
1 rosario dawson , to me , this is one of her better movies , aside from eagle eye which i think is up there to .
1 the plot on paper sounds like the usually rubbish that is mostly thrown in the faces of the audiences but do n't be mistaken , this film is powerful .
1 actually , this movie is her biggest achievement and that says enough about her career ...
0 i am giving this 70 's sexploitation flick a two for 2 big obvious reasons .
0 i wish i could salvage the 79 minutes of my life i just wasted .
0 there was also entirely too much time dedicated to the prince and his father who are both , frankly , completely uninteresting characters .
1 coscarelli does not rely solely on gripping horror , however , as there are many humorous scenes throughout the film .
1 i like when i go see a movie and expect something bad and come out pleasantly surprised and the love guru did just that .
0 a total waste of time .
1 she got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day .
1 it is the turning point of the film and it is a shame that it was cut , not even keeping the uncut version for adults to see .
1 i can safely say that it has been one of my favorite comedy shows on canadian television .
1 as for the team of mercenaries the cast excels themselves .
1 the insurance scam running parallel to the basketball player / adoption are absolutely two of the funniest ideas in any film .
1 it is such a joy to watch matthau and bergman fall for each other here .
1 it stars jackie gleason , the comic genius behind `` the honeymooners '' .
0 i give it 0 and a half out of ***** .
0 the music that was ultimately chosen for this movie was so out of place at times that it became very annoying .
0 what fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie .
1 the movie has a nice feel for small-town new england in the fall , and it is quite funny occasionally , but overall it is just pleasant .
0 this is a movie that should have been a mini-series as it tries to get too much information in too small a space .
1 i understand that it won an oscar but i can not find a copy of the film for purchase .
0 this is quite possibly the biggest waste of money on making of film that i have seen in a long time .
1 but anyway , you got ta see this movie .
0 this film is only slightly more entertaining than watching paint dry .
0 james caan delivered the most wooden and disconnected performance of his career , and lukas haas was a big lump .
0 his obsession never drives him to the tragedy that would be morally logical outcome , but the movie ends symbolically without conclusion .
1 thanks to hbo - your courage is evident and thanks again .
0 at least 50 innocent people , including patients at a hospital , die violently .
0 i wish they had done a better job writing music for kris or god forbid , put some of his original songs in there .
0 they are cardboard cut-outs who walk around and talk and pretty much do nothing but explore the fine set pieces .
0 a truly awful sequel , anyone who thinks otherwise is crazy .
0 judd nelson was very good in the first film and put a whole lot more into his character than in this .
0 in 99.9 % of the movie she looked extremely out of place , out of everything ! !
0 the plot on the other hand was nonsensical and boring .
1 this is no `` ordinary '' rehabilitation house .
1 this one works on several levels , that may not all be apparent to the casual viewer .
1 cary grant is every bit dunne 's match as the befuddled husband who finds himself with one wife too many .
0 everyone did a horrible job acting , and the story did not make any sense at all .
0 i mean , where did they find the guy to write this refuse ?
0 sadly , the only real enigma here is how such a strong and involving novel managed to translate so tediously from page to screen .
1 i cared deeply for the characters and i cared deeply about what happened to them .
1 yet , the events of the day assume a life of their own and sweep everyone along .
0 the plot is nonsense that does n't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it .
0 the voice-overs could have been good but they take far too much time and they are too pretentious .
0 there were so many parts that infuriated me with their complete randomness and lack of sense .
0 every character , every role , every conversation , every twist , everything in this movie stinks big time .
1 i do n't hand out 10 's like candy , but this certainly deserved it , if anything .
1 this is one of the best movies that i 've seen in a long time .
1 a couple of the actors could have been a bit better but the main one 's did a believable job .
1 anyone that watches this movie will realize that it is great to recommend to family and friends ; no car chases , yea ! !
0 first of all jason should not even mess with this family to begin with .
1 a very interesting and always fascinating fable , set in 1850 , that should appeal to all children .
0 in fact , it could even be worse than those two , since those two at least intermittently made me laugh at their stupidity .
1 despite those shortcomings , the time traveler 's wife is one of those movies you ca n't help but like .
1 greatly enjoyed this great classic 1926 silent film comedy and was amazed at the great performance that beatrice lillie portrayed on the screen as violet .
1 add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner .
0 the acting was really bad and at times made no sense .
0 cher is not a person whom you reference when thinking of leading , versatile actresses -- but this is n't so .
1 i just discovered the show and i became addicted to it right away and i was really surprised that it has n't gotten the recognition it truly deserves .
1 worth the price of admission .
0 the gory scene of the monster ripping elizabeth 's heart out is then followed by a laughable failure of the zombie-like elizabeth running through the house in flames .
0 tilda swinton is the ice queen of all time , and we really do n't want to meet her .
0 this is a glorified student film exercise that has no place whatsoever being in a cinema or on dvd .
0 one of the most slow-paced and boring movies i have ever seen .
1 it 's worth the search .
1 this is one of my favorite episodes .
1 he even helps them to appreciate one another learning from his own mistakes with his brother .
1 it is very hard to find the season dvd , so if somebody finds a store that is selling it please let me know .
1 the young actors playing the rocket boys showed talent beyond their years , especially young homer .
1 while you 're watching it you not only want the characters robbie and julia to get together , but you want adam sandler and drew barrymore to get together .
1 if you get the chance check it out - it has twists and turns that will keep you guessing and some great dialogue between the characters .
1 there are so many elements that make up his legacy ie .
0 all in all , i found this movie to be quite bad .
1 i was swept up in the story as well as the moral questions raised .
1 do n't expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed !
1 once you sit and watch this movie you will get hooked and wont be able to get up .
0 the first george of the jungle was a good comedy , but the sequel ... . completely awful .
0 this must be the worst piece of garbage i have seen for a very long time .
0 i think they tried so hard for going over the top that the jokes turn out disgusting , offensive , gratuitous , and just plain not funny .
1 robin wright penn excels at playing emotionally distant women and she is able to communicate all of liv 's submerged emotions with small gestures or looks .
0 a third character , who was the band manager , was obviously incompetent , but he was the one character that i liked .
0 if you want a horrible interpretation of `` macbeth '' , then this is your answer .
1 also watch out for the boom mic to show up in some of the scenes as well as some of the best karate action ever .
1 it did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time .
1 sure james would lose jobs and jj would fail in school but the family always managed to find a way .
0 2 stars because it is an okay show , just nothing like what it should be .
1 i enjoyed the night listener very much .
0 because the movie looks so `` fake '' you can get over the story and just have fun watching stuff get wrecked , trampled , tossed about and smashed .
1 he was actually playing cello which was very impressive , and his lines were never forced .
0 40 minutes of punk rock to see someone use a drill to kill some homeless guy .
0 it 's boring , badly animated and shows that disney just wanted to grab some quick cash .
1 is a serious movie but all the layers around it make it a very fun one that is filled with some good laughs .
1 but both he -- and the audience -- move on with nary a whimper of conscience or protest .
1 the movie overall may be a little formulaic , but it has a definite message of acceptance and overcoming obstacles .
1 all in all this is a great film that you will love to watch and absorb .
0 every part of this quest is plain boring and repetitive .
1 because of the strong personality of mccarthy , a movie audience even today looks at this film and tends to ignore bergen 's slight lip movements .
1 i absolutely love the narration , i think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show .
1 nolan plays the copper with a dry humor .
0 stalk and slash , boring dialogue , more stalk and slash .
0 the acting is about on par for a porn film , too .
0 the film is fatally long , self-indulgent and padded to a ridiculous degree .
0 if you are n't the sort of person who likes to do this , then my advice is to steer clear !
0 there are so many other good french movies , why waste your time with this one ?
0 there is not one ounce of depth or common sense to any character in the film .
1 this is just a feel-good , fun movie .
1 the owls are adorable and the movie highlights an interesting environmental issue i did n't know existed .
1 she starts with bang , then she does brave circus poses on a horse high up in the sky , she does everything she can to entertain you .
1 perfect in every way , highly recommended .
1 exaggerated a little but real .
0 they try to make him lovable , but he 's a freakin pervert !
0 indulgent admission : i approached my girl 2 with cynicism and annoyance , having just viewed its predecessor .
0 what plot there is simply gets lost in the production mess .
1 i 've seen this movie twice already and am very impressed with it .
0 the richie nix character seems interesting at first but soon descends into an irritating one sided psycho character .
1 the only downside to the film is that some of the characters are miscast , though talented actors to be sure .
1 the pairing of powell and loy is magical .
1 thank you , ted v. mikels , for giving me new found respect for every movie i have ever seen .
1 it all goes into the pot , to be boiled down and served up in new and fascinating ways .
0 except , it 's not amusing or entertaining - it 's just annoying .
1 really sharp dialogue - sometimes it seems quite improvised , and sometimes it seems carefully planned .
0 i saw a preview screening with my daughter , who actually fell asleep !
1 really good in fact .
0 the robot is just some guy in a cheap police outfit .
1 this picture is a must for anyone who has parents .
1 hamlet is a complex part , displaying every emotion from grief to anger , happiness to madness , and everything in between .
1 this is an excellent family film with superb classical music , played by a real 12 year old piano virtuoso .
0 i feel like such a fool for having rented it to watch .
1 i guess all countries have a few strange traditions and this film is connected to one of ours in sweden .
1 during that time , under the influence of all the new impressions , he changes and grows .
0 the acting is horrid .
1 visitor q is not a confusing movie in any manner .
0 then we have jackson who completely disappears and for the first time in a long time makes us forget who he even is .
0 particularly disappointing is gary oldham on autopilot , as the one-dimensional villain .
1 this movie appealed to me in the same way that sideways did , although the characters could n't be more dissimilar .
1 the cast is amazing , a list of veteran theater actors whom i 've loved in other roles , but they blend to make a convincing family .
1 if it is wonderland is the movie to see
0 this movie is disjointed , boring , confusing and lackluster .
1 for me , chinese ghost story is the quintessential romantic tale .
1 it did what it set out to do , show me something i had no idea about and kept me interested in this world it explored .
0 the terrible and laughable story is so ridiculous and absurd that does not deserve any comment .
0 movie is made in blair witch project camera style .
0 lots of real animal mutilation is the one thing about deep river that could make it a horror film , but even that does n't execute well .
1 it just has that pure comic zest that many writers search for , and can never quite nail down .
1 a magnificent adaptation of shakespeare 's julius caesar , enhanced by the splendor of rome at its full glory under julius caesar .
0 rating 4/10 .
1 actually the first version of the song `` sea of love '' that i ever listened was the version of the great tom waits .
0 i 'm a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that features anything to do with archaeological digs in egypt .
0 let 's start with the dubbing ... it 's terrible , i know godzilla movies are supposed to be badly dubbed but they actually used professionals .
1 it was by far one of my absolute favorite films of all time .
0 the stunt work was clumsy - the story stale and hokey .
1 and i 've watched it 3 times on video now and it still makes me cry every time .
1 while most of the characters stay as they are , some develop in unexpected ways that are perfectly natural when they happen .
0 this film unfortunately presents no believable heroes to worship .
1 what follows is a recreation of the silent film era and early sound movies with great emphasis on comedy .
0 and , while they were called `` pills '' , they were more like giant black blobs that were larger than golf balls .
0 some of these people just are n't worth caring about .
0 perhaps the original german flows with eloquent charm , but the english subtitles seem to have been translated by school children .
0 unfortunately the story is a cartoony , overwrought wish fulfillment scenario of gratuitous violence , rape , and lies .
1 this is a personal account on the life of an artist .
1 on the other hand , if you like your spy movies on the cerebral side , this one will do , quite nicely .
0 the editing was disastrous , the lighting was completely reprehensible .
0 avoid this if possible .
1 not in a pornographic manner , but in the sense of these characters ' release and escape , which does n't last long over the scope of the story .
0 this is one of the most unintentionally funny movies i 've ever seen .
1 all in all a very satisfying film noir mystery which when viewed today fully conveys the dark and complex urban world it is intended to .
1 vidor 's `` war and peace '' was probably the main reason that prompted the soviet government to spare no expense on this production .
1 after a series of netflix , blockbuster and local library duds this movie restored my faith in great film making .
1 tarkovsky 's solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example .
0 i could n't stand to watch all of it , it was so predictable that it was funny .
1 when one show can be so witty and entertaining and yet so poignant and educational all at once , this is television in its highest form .
1 it is worth the trip and if i were you i would wait a good half an hour after the show to 'cool down ' .
1 there is only one good reason why this movie gets 9/10 , krista allen .
1 ben showed his true talent as an entertainer here , and it resulted in his short-lived spin-off , `` turn ben stein on . ''
1 i have been desperate to get this even if it is a vhs quality put on a dvd i do n't mind .
0 do n't waste your time .
0 my vote is two .
0 but , of course , its just a model and so the direction is really to blame .
1 by this point in his career , fairbanks was the absolute master of the swashbuckler .
1 the animation is simply stupendous .
0 it rapidly deteriorated , and at several points - including the scene of the release of the prisoners - it actually reached a level of annoyance .
1 contrast this to the 1995 version , where the viewer feels anne 's joy at her second chance .
0 anna christie anna christie has some terrific parts , and some amazing performances , and yet it should be even better than it is .
0 at first sight , i must say already , watch the contractor , 2007 .
0 ok - the good points - peebles is beautiful as a dirty outlaw in black leather .
1 i grew up watching scooby and have been a fan forever .
1 as soon as it was released i bought a copy of it , and played it .
0 watching this made me wish for the fates that the characters fell to instead of dealing with knowing that i paid money to watch it .
0 the acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot .
1 nobody ever got a solid description of jay during the robbery so he can ride confidently into town and turn max over to law without any worry .
0 when will hollywood learn that insulting the american people will not generate either a great movie , or a popular movie ? ?
1 i , too , would like to own this on video or dvd .
0 zombie 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with schnaas ' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom .
0 it 's total disregard for a plot and the lack of even insubstantial surface character development made it seem like just a bunch of nice drawings .
0 as a horror movie resident evil fails miserably , it 's not scary and contains only small amounts of suspense .
1 my wife liked it so much she asked me to log on and rate it so other would enjoy too .
0 it 's trash , and i urge you not to waste a minute of your life on it !
0 but truly even cheeky brenda vaccaro as her accomplice bianca reacts with comically exaggerated expressions over faye 's plans for world domination and her defines a horrid human being .
1 i thoroughly enjoyed this film .
1 the writing by george gallo is also excellent .
1 at least a 7 .
0 stupid magic shoes .
1 i do n't know how many dozens of boris karloff films i 've seen , but this is one of my favorites .
0 it tries to throw us off track to who the killer may be , but even that fails .
1 the great johnny mercer wrote brilliant & memorable songs for it , which will have your heart singing for days .
1 i was incredibly impressed with this film and it 's ability to make a part of history very few are aware of accessible to the masses .
1 it 's kind of the movie that can be seen by whole family at the same time without anyone feeling uncomfortable or getting bored .
1 but i do n't want to give out too much information as that would be a spoiler and i think that you should view the movie for yourself .
0 this is one that would turn people away from martial art movies .
1 first , i give this a 7 .
1 this is one of the best presentations of the 60 's put on film .
0 the final scenes were probably the worst animated sequence i have ever seen .
0 and the idea of combining good cooking and usa is awful .
0 the only reason to watch this is the world 's first glimpse of paul douglas valentine .
0 his crack unit is composed of some of the most outlandish characters the action genre has to offer .
1 above all , this is a joyful , nice and very pleasant movie .
1 marian is no anachronistic action heroine , but no-one , not even robin , can keep her from what she thinks is right .
1 i have only seen water polo on tv during the olympics , but these scenes were gripping .
0 this was a waste of two hours of my life .
0 it displays a horrible message for kids and i highly think the show itself is simply inappropriate for them .
1 if you can search this film out you will be highly rewarded with a film that you will never forget .
1 masterfully structured by aaron sorkin via mike nichols 's own mastery .
0 it had some laughs , but overall the motivation of the characters was incomprehensible .
0 i actually created an imdb account just to state how bad this movie was .
1 he 's every inch the quiet western hero who people make the mistake of pushing once too often .
1 the score by bruno nicolai excellently sets the mood , but it is the script that , once again , is the driving force behind martino 's success .
1 he could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him , and the film shows us all these aspects of his character .
0 amanda plummer was credible but too pathetic to really be sympathetic here it was a too one note .
0 maybe i am just ignorant of the facts but this is n't doing much to educate me .
0 from start to finish , the movie was bland and boring .
0 no believable characters , virtually no plot , and ridiculous story twists .
0 the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst .
0 only watch if you have absolutely nothing to do or just want to waste an hour and 30 minutes .
0 hence , end of days is a worthless film with no redeeming value except for campiness -- arnold 's worst since hercules in new york .
1 the plot is not `` impenetrable '' nor `` impossible '' to understand , it just took a little deeper understanding .
0 if you are extremely bored and have no life watch this movie .
1 you will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack .
0 instead we are given a watered down `` diva '' and tired performances reading boring words from a script that is completely insane .
0 the direction is amateurish and completely overwrought .
0 the only redeeming factor of the entire film was the fact that jennifer love hewitt is in it , giving it some aesthetic appeal at least .
1 for those who dont know eddie murphy was a brilliant stand up comedian before he was a hollywood superstar .
0 unfortunately , that does not happen here ; they are extremely one-note and power is greatly miscast to boot .
0 the only thing i would add is that the music in this scene is just plain annoying .
1 quietly impressive , but you may need to have lived in a small town to get the most out of it .
0 you do n't get to learn much of the characters and the storyline is bouncing all over the place .
0 scarecrow kind of remembered me of `` children of the corn '' , but still not .
0 his speeches are so overwrought they are laughable .
1 not just because of the flight itself but because of his later demeanor -- quiet , modest , a family man .
0 it seriously needed another rewrite .
1 nice locations , quality production and excellent performances from the entire cast .
1 you must watch this movie at least once in your life , in a comfortable sofa and with the sound turned right up for the broadway scores .
0 there are 2-3 action scenes , the last one was okay , but the others lasted a few seconds .
1 vanilla sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie , or any media for that matter .
1 and it was a nice change from all of the usual movies to see some actors you have n't seen in a while , like michael douglas .
0 it was interesting to see an early simon baker , however it looks as if he has since had a nose job .
1 this maybe curly 's last one but its a good one to watch !
1 you can ask any of my friend , i 'm obsessed !
0 this horrific attempted at film making makes ed wood look like an oscar worthy director .
1 i personally loved it , and would not have made any changes to it , including subtitles , running time etc .
1 i watched this movie with the english subtitles , and found it to be a pleasant , if disjointed , brazilian comedy .
0 the members of the animation branch should be utterly embarrassed .
0 perhaps it 's just because i love the original highlander so much , that i am so angry .
0 a very , very stupid slasher movie .
1 and i loved every minute of it .
0 do n't support this kind of hogwash !
0 this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life !
1 the cinematography is excellent and deserves a 9/10 .
0 the entirely tired and unbelievable interest in the main character from the beautiful girl .
0 not only do the two leads suck but they have no chemistry whatsoever between each other .
0 this is possibly the worst of the worst .
0 the movie concludes with a loud and irritating musical number which i suspect was inspired by the success of `` high school musical '' .
1 but they all had seen the moment of kate , leo and celine dion so many times that most of them felt they had seen the whole movie .
1 but this movie was something different .
1 there are many twists and turns .
0 the suspense just was n't there .
1 it 's the amazing writing and comedy gold that makes this show what it is .
0 they play the part of cardboard cut outs being moved about in predictable and uninteresting ways .
0 there is no tension , no action , no humor , no erotic ... nothing , but boredom .
0 we are expected to follow the story without ever really getting to know any of the characters , again with way too much emphasis on the situation .
0 she did not get any sympathy ; she seems like she deserved his own black cloud .
1 mel brooks gives a great performance as the lead character , i think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies .
0 at all cost avoid it .
0 of course lundgren is out of his element and the movie is completely unwatchable .
1 for those people who have little knowledge of islam except for exposure to the western propaganda and the news of islamic terrorist this is an eye-opening documentary .
1 the actors playing all the characters were well selected and did a magnificent job in this movie ...
1 many belly laughs .
0 still , i can not give it less than a 4 .
0 ** from ****
1 like his contemporary de niro , pacino has spent the last 10 or 15 years resting on his laurels .
1 i hope hollywood will take heed and start making more movies that will inspire us to believe and be better people .
1 we decided to watch the film as the jamaica inn is near where my cornish ancestors lived .
0 the dialog is extremely sparse .
0 i think he realized that the crew were amateurs or only in it for a quick buck and he did not give a damn anymore .
0 the only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctively help out lee 's character .
1 my cousins were all born a few years after me 7 years was the first one more came latter .
0 overall , this film barely registers a ripple of excitement these days although you can find some small amusement in trying to work out where colin farrell is .
0 well , not even a convincing mixture of both of these genres .
1 i want to share how i was able to find this movie for all of you who were looking for a copy as well .
0 mimzy was humorless .
0 the best bit was when the credits rolled - enough said so simply better to this poor excuse for a movie like the plague !
1 if you like paul verhoeven 's later work , you should take the time to delve into his dutch language work .
1 in contrast to that , the things dusty and ernie did were incredibly noble .
0 chasers and storm fans and tv watchers , oh my , do yourself a favor and rent twister again instead .
0 the dialogue itself is very uneven - sometimes somebody will say something very memorable , other times it 's memorably awkward .
0 up until his last two or three scenes , pretty much the only thing this actor says is ` hello . '
0 then there is the so-so fx which help make watching this movie a waste of 2 hours .
1 the lawyers and their involvement in their clients case is minimal , it makes the story quite amusing .
1 this is the kind of movie that will make just about everything else you see this year a pleasant movie experience .
0 my advice , as many before me : do n't write and direct the same production .
1 mississippi burning shows us how strange people are when it comes to racism .
0 as has been pointed out , she is too old to play an 18 year old and looks far too young as a grandmother with a college age granddaughter ?
0 as the film progressed , to me it was starting to become a series of demo reels like `` hey , look what i can do . ''
0 when you see the pg-13 rating you expect a movie filled with false scares , teen t.v .
1 very enjoyable and involving noir .
0 first this has been done numerous times before and i do n't just mean the premise ... the actual locusts thing and it 's just dumb .
0 the camera angles are boring , in fact , there 's not a single memorable camera angle in the entire movie .
0 this is by far not one of the worst out there , still not a good movie , but not the worst nonetheless .
1 i implore everyone reading these comments to take the time to find out more about the current plight of the burmese people .
0 most of the kids ' roles are sort of cute , but not very believable .
0 lots of films in one , but it 's not as funny , not as good cast , it 's pathetic and rubbish .
0 so sickeningly predictable .
0 the lack of any acting skill coupled with the inconsistent transitions from scene to scene and down-right unrealistic actions makes it unwatchable .
1 but it is almost as good as his decent action movies that came out in the 90 's .
1 it is no longer my favorite movie but it is still one of my favorites , probably in my top 10 .
1 when airwolf came out in 1984 , it might have starred a vehicle , but a very good one .
1 yet one should certainly criticize it , and mizoguchi , for it is not without flaws and weaknesses .
1 though i 've seen the movie dozens of times , he makes me laugh every time i see it !
1 see it when you can .
1 10/10 not my favourite film of all time but certainly in my top 5 .
1 i adore it and would watch it again .
1 lastly , for those closely attached to the characters of henry fool , simone , fay and henry this film is hilariously self-conscious and self-referential .
1 all cast members perform well , and this film could have been a tremendous hit all over the world if it was made in england or the us .
0 avoid at all costs
1 every lesson there is to be learned from youth sports finds its way into this film .
1 the drama , gunfight , death , and sorrow that follow all make this film a very unusual one for little miss sunshine .
1 the messages of the film are done intelligently , without much dialogue , relying mostly on visuals .
0 the plot is weak , the lines weaker .
1 this episode , like so many others , is great fun to watch because it did n't take itself very seriously !
0 and that 's the only redeeming factor in this movie - the dancing .
0 because you eventually find out this world has no death but he laid motionless forcing you to assume he was dead and this never gets answered in my opinion .
1 the story is very encompassing and the ball gets rolling from the very start .
1 once your in their world , it 's an amazing trip that kept me guessing all the way to the end .
0 it is a somewhat `` safe '' movie , but the characters do n't really explore much about themselves .
1 but this is one of those rare smart films for the whole family .
1 though there are dialogue from the play during the first twenty minutes , the sequence itself is totally new .
1 both men have an incredible grasp of language and never were there any awkward or dull words spoken .
0 i am disabled and i could not sleep one night .
0 instant satanist !
1 the acting is great with very believable characters .
1 rarely does a film end so satisfactorily and perfectly .
0 i usually do n't review films without watching the whole thing , but this was just too bad .
0 not a realistic character .
1 he was a great character -- well acted and fascinatingly different .
0 directing and camera work are close to ridicule , and acting does not get higher than low quality tv dramas .
1 but the story again really takes place in their movements .
0 as a seasoned film fan , one is always put on guard when a male lead tells his partner that she should experiment with sleeping with other people .
1 expanded or not , heroes iii is a great game which you have to play if you have n't already .
0 i 've always sort of liked paul schrader 's work , but while his writing often seems to border on the bombastic , his directing style is usually non-existent .
0 wow , i 'm at a loss for how bad this movie is .
0 this show is absolutely ludicrous in how it tries to entice kids into forming a bond with god .
1 family film we 've seen for decades now .
1 to me , the final scene , in which harris responds to the press corp , is worthy of viewing this intelligent and timeless slice of politics .
0 to say that the story is lacking is a vast understatement and the movie moves at a snails pace .
1 donald sutherland was a bit over the top , but still quite enjoyable to watch .
1 k-pax is exactly what a heart warming film should be .
0 there 's nothing in the thirst : blood wars i could n't stage myself with some fake blood & a camcorder , nothing .
1 linda blair plays an innocent sent to jail , facing hard time in the big house with some of the nastiest characters this side of a russ meyer pic .
0 i 'm an rpg gamer but i found none of the jokes in this funny at all .
1 it 's full of some great laughs from characters seen in many of his previous movies .
1 they captured the intensity and insanity of the situations as well as any other war movie has , the only exception saving private ryan .
1 luckily in most versions on television that i saw eliminated this track and i never missed this piece .
1 great fun , one to watch twice if there ever was a movie .
1 just what has maclean tapped into that strikes so deeply at who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves ?
0 the cast was not so bad , but most of the actors seemed like they were flailing around without any direction .
0 i know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts , but the acting was as bad as the script .
1 well worth seeking out , this is a film you wo n't easily forget .
0 for anyone who may be curious as to acquiring a copy of this - simply give it a miss - it is absolute garbage .
1 i use to think it was a rankin/bass movie , just because it is similar to rudolph the red nose reindeer and all other movies like that .
0 avoid at all costs .
1 i can not understand why the networks like american movie classics and such do not show this movie , although i have requested it time and again .
0 well , when i started to watch this sack of crud , it was a sunday afternoon , and i was just looking for stuff on show time .
1 but even here you get a sense of same old same old as one has heard these songs before a million times over .
1 this became a favourite book of mine for all time and i have read it many times since .
0 i hope hawn and sellers were paid well , because i see no other reason for tripe like this in 1970 .
1 the depiction of british life in germany was spot on .
1 great , great , great comedy .
0 this is a very , very , very low-budget exploitation film made by a `` poverty row '' studio in the 1930s .
1 actually , i consider it a better film than a lot of what is passed off today as `` great entertainment '' .
1 however , i was n't prepared for just how good the documentary actually is .
0 this film fails to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offers .
0 let me repeat that : i would have rather seen been affleck in this movie than zack ward .
1 the actors , especially rampling and the actress who plays julie , are impeccable .
1 this is surely one of the lanky , blond actor 's finest performances on film , and it must not be missed by any fan .
0 the acting is terrible and the scripts made me want to throw up .
1 and sweet it is .
0 the dialogue is beyond bad .
1 no matter what your background , your ability or disability , race or age , all the characters of this film seemed to find each other despite all that .
1 not as good as i remembered and hoped for , but still well worth the $ 9.99 it cost me .
0 this movie seemed to flow to slow and i kept on wondering when it was going to end .
0 there should be a rating for offensive , insulting , pointless , no redeeming values .
0 i wo n't describe anymore scenes , as with every slapstick comedy , once you know the gag it 's not as funny anymore .
1 a must see
1 bergman clearly learned a lot from these images - the imagery of his medieval pieces building upon and enhancing eisenstein 's ideas .
0 forget this one .
1 cat soup is very surrealistic and sometimes cruel and gory .
1 their fall from grace and their reaction to the events are brilliantly complemented by the well directed and paced plot .
0 in addition , this movie also contains the absolute worst `` love '' scene in cinema .
0 an amateur production : terrible , repetitive , vacuous dialog ; paper-thin plot line ; wooden performances ; lucy lawless was pathetically hackneyed .
0 if you think that does n't sound very funny , you 're right it 's not .
1 the character 's are good & well fleshed out , they did n't seem too clichéd & they were quite likable unlike most american horror/thrillers that rely on teens .
0 it 's so monumentally stupid , so full of absurd situations and characters that it beggars rational criticism .
1 yes , this film is a bit too much on the seedy side for my normal tastes , definitely sordid , but very well done .
0 mindless bilge .
0 i found myself looking at my watch just 40 minutes into this , being bored to death .
0 i 'm sure kevin costner `` cared '' about `` waterworld '' , but it was still a terrible movie .
0 a lot of my friends even like it , but i simply found it awful .
0 it 's not the bad acting , or the rock bottom production values , or the unconvincing effects , or the awful script .
1 i always enjoy brett piper movies , and if you liked this i recommend bite me , screaming dead and anything else he has done .
1 it is also the perfect role for madeline kahn , who the world lost too soon shortly before the film 's release .
0 , this `` movie '' is bad !
1 a must see film for mothers , daughters , filmmakers , prison employees and , of course , girl scouts .
1 i 've seen it more times than i care to count , and i still become transfixed every time , with a feeling which is hard to describe .
1 al pacino , roger ebert , neil simon , matt dillon as well as a constant slew of celebs make this film a canadian classic .
1 he was quick , smart , used well his whip and sword , and his voice was the best for any zorro .
1 macy did n't know what is really going on and what will be the outcome but did what he was expected to do .
1 never mind , still an absolute delight to see after all these years .
0 my rating : 1 out of 10
0 any one remember how improbable north by northwest was .
0 who ever writes this televised garbage should never be allowed to write anything ever again .
1 this film uses all the classic audience pleasing tricks to make an entertaining film that has as much intellectual depth as ` friends ' .
1 it contains a lot of nods to the other terminator films , but keeps it 's own individual identity as a brilliant action film following in great footsteps .
1 it raises points about american culture as relates to sexual identity in ways seldom handled .
0 in the 'so called ' films defense it is strangely engaging - but in a bad way .
0 this is the first time i have given a 1 rating to a film .
0 the first 15 minutes are spent with a drive through paris with constant cuts of different news clips saying that derrida is a modern genius , thinker , etc .
1 so , while not the greatest film in disney history , it 's still one not to be forgotten !
1 and , yes , til schweiger is worth it , if nothing else .
0 the dialogue , the acting , the sets , the cast , the characters , were so horrible , that i found myself rooting for jack !
1 anyone seeing this movie will be moved to believing that one day arthur may indeed return to redeem us all .
0 that 's all i really can say about this show , `` pathetic '' .
0 its boring , bad and terrible .
1 the writing is top-notch , the story is satisfying , and the entire cast is excellent - chris farley has never been better .
1 but i for one have come to truly love his film -- unconditionally .
1 it all fits : the deranged bad guy , the crooked detective and his nutty aid and the female reporter !
0 the film does offer a few chuckles , but unfortunately too few to make the film worthwhile .
1 however if you did n't hate the remake chances are you 'll end up loving this one .
0 the cgi dragon creature is dark gray , which seems to be the popular color for most of the cheap cgi special effects .
0 as in , a computer that talks to you and calls you by name and yet ca n't tell you when half your spaceship has just caught on fire ?
1 the only problem with oz is that it was not long enough .
0 i may have laughed once , and i never heard anybody else in the theater laughing .
1 a coming of age film , that reveals itself photo after photo , and a very funny approach to the mexican and american cultures .
1 it sat around for a while then one night i decided to take it upstairs to watch and i fell in love with it .
0 likewise , the characters that he creates never develop , they never change .
0 if so , than what is the point of it , since this movie shows and tells very little new or interesting .
0 does this serve any purpose other than to slow the game down ?
1 the values listed above have palpable relevance for those involved in this film , as they do for many a japanese filmmaker .
0 and for the daughter to sit there take being embarrassed , or almost done out of a job , or driven to madness inside her own home ?
1 absolutely a must film .
1 the poignancy of the emotion on his face , as she disappears through a door , is worth the wait .
1 though the story is largely fictional , sivan uses actual historical figures and tells the story in the context of the events of the day .
0 vote : 3 out of 10 .
0 there are numerous attempts in this movie to say something about humanity .
0 their visions of the future are ridiculous and the story line is beyond redemption .
0 the many underwater scenes were bad enough i did n't need rock music blaring in my ears while they were simply swimming through a cave .
0 it look like this movie really took time to make and develop , which is sad , because the outcome is horrible .
0 to round the movie off you get a lousy `` punk '' performance from a damned wannabe `` babel '' .
1 if you need to vacuum the floors , or iron some shirts , this is the perfect dvd to have playing in the background to keep you company .
1 also , the music is very original and very memorable , and i think superior to many musicals from the thirties through the sixties .
0 no plot , no script , no sense .
1 i rate it my # 2 favorite gene kelly movie , and i 've seen and own a quite many of his movies .
0 i 've just finished watching the film , and i can honestly say that i have n't been this disappointed by a horror film for quite some time .
0 the script is severely lacking , the plot is ridiculous , the acting astoundingly bad .
1 it 's just a light , easy-going , happy comedy and i recommend it .
0 bad in just so many ways .
0 the editing , non-existent .
0 this film ranks amongst those that are so bad , they 're almost amusing .
0 this movie is a low point in human history .
0 2 ) the best friend pairing of two girls - one with huge breasts and the other with the nickname `` the brick '' .
1 i was moved when i saw her the first time when it was broadcast and i am moved again , now i have it on dvd .
1 the episodes are in black and white , but this does not detract from the entertainment in any way .
0 that 's all i can really say about this film .
0 everything also is n't told in the most arousing pace , which causes this movie at times to be a drag and far from interesting one .
0 without a doubt , the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
1 for anyone who believes in the life affirming powers of rock ' n ' roll , than this documentary is a must .
0 widow 's peak is a sugar coated predictable girls ' movie that did not motivate or excite me in the least .
1 cheap and tacky , but highly enjoyable kitsch .
0 don '' t watch it at any cost .
0 second ; this is the worst movie of all times .
1 this is a great movie for all ages .
0 like i said , as the movie goes on it makes less and less sense .
0 he is a very stupid character in this movie .
1 a must see , and please leave all american cinematographic preconceptions at he door .
1 jing ke , the assassin has become one of favorite movie characters of all time .
1 with all the praise heaped on humphrey bogart over the decades , it is surprising that more viewers do not know this film at all .
0 it did not disappoint in terms of sheer gratuitous content , but it disappointed in every other way .
0 what could have been a wonderfully told legitimate story of jesus 's life turned out to be just a story of a black man .
0 the makeup effects used to portray the frozen victims are quite good but the cgi aliens are very cheesy .
1 the narrator keeps everything moving along very nicely as he throws in one liners , puns and wry observations of the hapless couple .
0 to do what she did with no budget ... wow , thats all i can say .
0 this is one of those strange , self-important , self-indulgent movies which tries too hard to be profound .
1 not only did i laugh my ass off the first time i watched them but continued to laugh harder when i watched them over and over again .
0 they butchered a very fun story and squandered the talents of richard e. grant .
1 it took some 19 years for bruce campbell to finally put his masterpiece `` man with the screaming brain '' on the screen .
0 i can not even recommend it for being so entirely bad , as it is n't , for the reasons i 've noted .
1 it shows a china i had never seen or imagined , and i believe it shows 1930 's china in the most real light ever seen in a movie .
0 it looks grubby & cheap with horrible music , annoying editing , poor special effects & a circus which consists of about three tents in a field .
1 i loved them all for every diverse element brought into the film .
1 she is simply flawless in every single scene - beautiful , vibrant , natural and convincing .
0 the characters do n't have any personality or relevance .they just appear , they walk .and they die .
1 but it does depict how real people have faced real situations , and how they responded to them .
1 the criminal , eddie bunker , jack must deliver to testify within a certain time frame is played with gusto by hip-hop artist mos def .
0 this is simply awful .
0 i knew nothing about it except for monsieur arcand , and his oeuvre , so , needless to say , i was surprised at this `` effort '' .
0 his motives might have been noble and troy a bit misguided , but his attitude was nothing less than aggravating .
1 despite disliking much of the film , i did like the character played by bellamy 's boss .
1 it also contains many physical experiments as well , such as a woman swinging through new york by gripping a rope with her teeth .
0 flashy , shallow , dreary , formulaic , passionless , tedious , dull , dumb , humourless , desultory , barely competent .
1 as the real star of the film , peter lorre is wonderfully wry and quite lovable as one of life 's eternal losers .
1 the three shorts included on this compilation issued in 1959 are timeless chaplin classics , nothing wrong with them and nothing to criticize either .
1 for a cartoon that has been produced on the cheap , i like it , because it is funny .
0 it 's a fair indicator of a bad film when there 's more than one title involved -- alas , we had no warning .
1 the cast of a double life was first rate , and cukor 's direction was as sure as ever .
0 what is even worse , is luis guzman is in this film , yet he does n't play the same character he plays in the first film .
1 based on a polish science fiction novel , this movie is set in 1985 , when the world is at global peace .
1 this is a worthwhile film , just sit back & ignore the improbabilities of the story .
1 this movies also proves that american media spouts government propaganda .
0 i made the mistake of buying this since i collect comic book inspired movies .
1 the movie uniquely dealt with the mechanism of coping with traumatic experiences .
1 also missing was jane eyre 's charismatic sense of self , which enabled her to suffer through her turmoil and triumph over all .
1 the camera is moving and twisted all the time and it adds to the fairy tale atmosphere this film has .
1 i 've seen the olivier and gibson movie versions , and all of them take their model from olivier ; the melancholy dane .
0 ... this is , above all else , the typical crown international pictures drive-in programmer .
0 and for what is worth , jeffrey is right ; the dying gaul is a lousy title .
0 this is a dry and sterile feature filming on one of most interesting events in wwii and in history of warfare behind the front line .
1 for those who like to visit the world , the film offers the occasion to see part of the ascension island , and also lyon city in france .
1 however , i really like this film for its fun factor and - believe it or not - it 's innovation .
0 c'mon , let 's put aside the sophomoric humor that we can find in racism and be honest ... it is n't funny .
0 this movie bears no resemblance to the book , except for the names of the characters .
0 how can a movie be hyperactive , slick and flashy , yet boring , mind-numbing and comatose at the same time ?
0 we have seen so many examples of how these guys think they are making another advertisement or music video for tv with their productions .
1 while the ending may seem abrupt and anti-climatic for some , half the fun is getting there , and there 's much excitement to be had .
0 it looked cool but it was n't .
0 this one was pretty bad all the way through , with two thoroughly unlikeable and annoying male leads .
0 jamie lynn spears does n't deserve to be in a television show as successful as zoey 101 , she does n't have any talent as an actor .
1 cassavetes put the human experience forefront in every one of his films .
0 his 5 minute shorts are better than this .
0 watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience .
1 this is quite simply documentary making of the very highest standard .
1 in many cases , the reality is enigmatic , and john cassavetes is a genius to capture and exhibit that obscure sense of reality on celluloid .
0 overall , this is a pretty bad movie .
0 definitely a loser .
0 `` the puffy chair '' was a supreme waste of 84 minutes of my life which can not be retrieved and spent in a more worthwhile way .
0 it is by far the worst comedy i 've ever seen ! !
0 you could n't pay me to sit through this disaster again .
0 the acting is so bad you 'll want to jump into the movie and take over because you know you 're oscar worthy compared to them .
0 dorothy stratten is the only reason to watch this unfunny sci-fi spoof , and her appearance is a disappointment .
1 the fellow who plays bu is good too , i do n't recall his name , but he 's in magnificent butcher too .
1 anyone who does n't understand the greatness of this here cartoon should be kicked off any critic 's panel .
1 it is much more value for ticket money than a number of other recent offerings and its faults are minor compared to the good qualities .
1 the scenes where she actually gets imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking , because we believe in the characters as real .
1 if you do n't have it , you are missing out on one of the greatest sonic games ever to be made .
0 this movie looks like a bunch of comic book artists decided to make an animated feature , but without bothering to learn how to animate first .
1 some films manage to survive almost on originality alone - `` wonderland '' is certainly one of those films .
0 do n't let the appearance of john candy in this turkey fool you .
0 it 's only saving grace is that it 's not as bad as `` the avengers '' .
0 but if i was n't feeling too annoyed , the movie was unintentionally quite hilarious once in a while , as it showed holland at its smallest .
0 3 ) joanna cassidy 's daughter screaming .
0 the movie seriously lacks continuity and all of the story lines feel incoherent and pointless .
1 this story will surprise you with plenty of sudden surprises right to the very end .
0 she was not carefully photographed and looked her age - way too old for this role .
0 lloyd bridges was wasted in this one .
0 emma is just too pretty and talented to be cast in an average , boring role !
0 but this was easily the worst movie i 've ever seen , kids or no kids .
0 this is said , of course , to make it sound like reading the bible is the worse punishment you could ever inflict on someone , especially a kid .
1 in watching this movie a second and third time i realized that there are some hidden moments that passed by me on the first time through .
0 after about a half hour , i gave up , having seen nothing else redeeming in the picture , either .
1 if you 're a fan of woody allen or films like `` as good as it gets '' go see this film .
1 when stuff hits the fan , it 's real .
1 he is totally and utterly hilarious but , as in most of caine 's performances , he goes for it for real .
0 it 's almost like someone took the film waking life , removed all the interesting dialogue and philosophy , and tacked on a sorry excuse for a plot .
0 other than that , the movie really is n't worth anyone 's time let alone the plastic that the dvd is made out of .
1 and if anyone can disagree with this i would appreciate hearing from them .
0 drew barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it 's really starting to become a pain in the butt .
0 i do n't even know if you could say that they were acting -- there was no real emotion and zero believability .
1 i just watched this movie again , and i must reiterate that it has the best ending to any movie .
0 this is a real stinker .
1 comical moments fly at every waking instance , and in some instances , are just absolutely riotous .
1 on a second viewing the themes become more apparent , and this is a movie you 'll want to see twice .
0 i know many disagree with me and they may be right , but given my tastes i just did n't care for the film .
0 i can safely say that black mama , white mama may be the worst pam grier movie i 've ever seen .
0 anyway this movie had poor plot development , terrible story , and i 'm sorry to say pretty bad acting .
1 let the viewer see and hear more about his guests than other talk show hosts at the time .
0 my opinion is that it is the worst show to be on television in the last 10 years .
0 on the other hand , it 's chock full of cringe worthy dialogue -- delivered in the most hilariously stilted manner possible .
0 this movie has a plot , but it is all over the place .
1 it is also a comedy that does n't miss a beat .
1 on one hand their classic dynamic together is missed , but it is a change of pace .
0 the killer 's identity should n't surprise anyone , it 's quite blatantly obvious .
0 you can stick your finger down your throat or watch this pathetic attempt at comedy/drama about young adults in search of relationships .
0 thankfully , mike , crow , and tom servo are watchable , because the film itself is not .
0 again , i cared not for the characters , whether they lived or died .
1 stories are told , because each episode is an encounter with the respective cabbie , who all have a life and a past of their own .
0 i was forced to go see this movie with a bunch of ten year old , and even they found this boring and pointless as i did .
0 this is n't a horrible movie ... .it 's just frustrating because of the lack of a good payoff .
0 none of the characters in this are likable in the least .
0 she allows her girls to have free reign and control , and thus the story becomes disastrous .
0 she seems to think she 's the next meg ryan -- she 's not even close .
1 this was kurosawa 's first film in colour and he uses beautifully shocking hues , colours seen only in dreams .
0 they were there and i had nothing else to do so i watched it .
1 very silly and very funny .
0 i 'm not the target demographic , admittedly , but if not for being with my mother , i 'd have walked out of this movie .
1 if you have seen either training day or king arthur , you will be impressed with the birth of this director in his second film bait .
1 for me , there are two areas where death on the nile really excels christie 's story and the acting .
1 while i did not enjoy the 2009 movie by qt , i must thank him for directing my attention to this title .
0 sean young 's character is completely unsympathetic .
1 i 'd already seen audition , and while i did n't like it much , i do rate it as one of the better modern asian horror films .
0 this is one of the most inept films in terms of craft i 've ever seen .
0 that is n't fair , and even clint eastwood has fallen prey to the urge with his new movie about iwo jima .
0 scene by scene it felt as though i 'd already read the script before because there were no surprises , no mystery .
1 mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as i have come to conceive her , no pun intended , in what i consider to be an oscar-worthy performance .
0 if you enjoy watching bad films in order to poke fun at them , you will really get a kick out of severed .
0 yes , when a plane gets blown up by a rocket , the entire sequence takes place off camera , saving the fx dept their whole budget .
0 the end product is a mess , like frankenstein 's monster , as if it were pieced together from material from past , better films .
0 this low-budget film about a writer who goes to work in a london casino has an awful script , wooden performances , and not much to recommend it .
1 many of the stories have been told before , but they mostly play out amusingly , with only the occasional clunky presentation .
1 i had seen it before , but the second time around made the picture better .
0 the acting is bad .
0 for all of you , if you 're like myself , who enjoy watching a good b movie to bag on it , this isnt any good .
0 the story is disjointed and goes off in strange directions , to no conclusion .
1 playing a very difficult character *and* acting in a language he did n't speak ... and still handing in such a strong performance .
1 i 'm 17 now and barney is a huge part of my life .
1 expect lots of beautiful cinematography and little else and you wo n't be disappointed .
1 each of his films is uniquely brilliant but all of them have in common his magic touch no matter what period of his life they belong .
1 kenneth branagh is not only a great actor but a master of accents , and he proves it once again with a flawless georgia accent .
0 the tagline of this film sounds interesting , but also shows the movie 's thin plot .
0 this movie was , as homer simpson would have put it , `` more boring than church . ''
1 i would have also liked to have seen a small brief tribute to john spencer for the style in which he brought two great nbc characters to the screen .
1 this is a terrific piece of film noir that is paying homage to the great detective mysteries of the forties .
1 all in all , its a surprisingly intelligent , fun , ride .
1 how much the music influenced the shoot i do not know , but it bonds perfectly to the image .
0 everything in this clumsy sequel , likable only in a weird way , is phony .
0 basically a group of average looking young women decide to eliminate all the perverted and criminal men in town including naughty corrupt town mayor .
1 it represents a very different style of situation comedy than shows like `` the honeymooners '' and `` i love lucy '' .
0 -- standard underlying love story goes nowhere , and is poorly done .
0 overall , neither the novel nor this screen adaptation are really anything that sparked interest in me .
0 no stars from ****
0 most of the killing scenes are dull and unmemorable and most the movie is by the book padding .
0 the primary reason to see `` before sunrise , '' is to watch a young julie delpy deliver her lines .
0 this movie was definitely the worst movie i 've seen in my entire life , and i 've seen some pretty bad movies .
1 the female characters are as powerful and important as the men , rather than being mere love interests .
1 see for yourself and you wo n't be disappointed .
0 there 's no intrigue and the acting is very lame so the first half is very tough to sit through .
1 anthony minghella weaves extravagant beauty around a central character whose condition is grotesque , and puts emotional barriers between the characters and the audience ...
0 one might be willing to call these `` technical flaws '' and forget about them but there is n't really anything else to redeem the movie .
1 cast in gray is an extraordinarily poetic work .
0 it is a slap in the face to anyone who believes in christ .
1 she handles the witty repartee in the script with aplomb and steals a terrific scene where she and goldie hawn talk in a record booth .
0 this movie is so devoid of any action and is so frustratingly paced that i barely made it through without fast forwarding .
1 all in all , the movie presents existential , universal questions at least as successful as the best westerns that i have seen .
0 the only chance this movie had a chance to be even a 2 was is if it lasted 13 seconds , and that is including the credits .
1 the plot is also filled with action it the form of shoot-outs , fist fights , and one terrific car chase .
1 a path of education ... art of high achievement influences many eternally and profoundly .
1 without dialog lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work .
1 i understand this gentleman 's comments ; however , this is a fictional television series which is meant to entertain ... not present precise facts like a documentary .
0 but i found it to be pretty lame , repetitive , dull , and shapeless .
0 apparently , all they have going for them is their looks - they are dumber than i do n't know what .
1 al pacino truly stepped up by promoting this movie .
0 if you look it up on youtube , you can watch it for free , but most of you have already seen this .
1 recommended for viewers who enjoy something a bit off .
0 if you read this comment do not buy this terrible sequel .
0 that said , the main character has some charm , but the premise wears thin because the writing just is n't clever .
0 then these stupid are getting more stupid , by basically spending all of their time watching tv and having sex , which produces more stupid people .
0 if you like a good comedy , look elsewhere .
0 i like lewis black and enjoyed his penguin , but that was about it .
0 - karen black has a bigger role , but she 's not fun - she 's rather embarrassing .
1 for me , an admittedly huge stones fan , this documentary was the stuff of legend .
0 the most terrifying thing about omega code is how much money they spent to make it .
1 the film is a little hard to understand so it not predictable !
0 `` tnt jackson '' is n't completely unwatchable .
1 this movie made me go on the internet and go through my books to make sure i remember nero 's personality correctly .
0 only two of the kills were really believable .
1 batman returns is just as good as the original batman , despite the first one remaining the true classic , this one still takes you for a ride .
0 take my advice and read the book and pass on the movie .
0 the other action set pieces are rather mundane in nature , with a feeling of it being too controlled rather than free flowing .
1 the scenes are essential to the dilemmas which the film seeks to raise and so can hardly be called gratuitous .
1 it pleases both as an emotional experience , one of those rousing and inspiring tales , and also at times intellectual .
0 nothing evelyn does works - and you feel so sorry for her , she 's so cute and when we were young we felt so sorry for her .
1 i used to watch this all the time when i was little , i absolutely loved it !
1 each episode features almost the exact same small group of characters as done brilliantly by matt lucas and david walliams .
0 it 's the vast majority of components that are wrong with this film .
0 the note leads to the 12th coin and ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. lugosi is laughable as the `` hungarian chinese '' villain .
0 while this may be interesting at first , the constant rewinding sequences become boring and redundant by the third time .
1 one life stand is an accomplished piece of film making which has n't been given the credit it deserves .
1 i absolutely loved this show because it was mysterious , interesting and sensuous without going overboard or offending .
0 how long are we supposed to believe that people can be immersed in freezing cold water and still form intelligible sentences ?
1 now , his story is able to touch the lives of thousands more through the efforts of mr. davis and his staff .
0 the dialogue is painfully self-conscious .
1 possibly one of the best films of the year .
1 this is by far one of the better made movies and did n't leave me disappointed at all .
0 ok first off , i would like to say that hulk hogan has appeared in some amazingly bad films since he became famous .
0 please people , is it too much to ask that you actually do an effort when you expect to waste 90 minutes of peoples lives watching this ?
0 trust me ... the action scenes are incredibly disappointing , crouching tiger and iron monkey completely blew this movie out of the water .
0 quite seriously , i wish i could because i loved the first pumpkinhead so much .
1 it has as a full lulls here and there but still does enough things right to keep your interest .
1 to hell and back is a solid 1950 's style ww2 movie , which focuses on the camaraderie of the foot soldier .
1 this is one of the greatest films ever for people who like weird random comedy , and i repeat , for those who are n't easily offended .
0 the acting is bad , the dialogs are boring , and scenes are drawn out to make the movie longer another thing is the sound effects .
0 this movie had so many chances to be comedic , dramatic and even interesting , but just failed on so many levels .
1 i love football and after having to watch so many baseball movies i am happy to finally have a movie series about the sport that i like and play .
1 the chaos following the wtc attacks is vividly seen , as various characters that we have gotten to know are thrust into terrifying situations .
0 nothing makes sense in this movie .
1 based on the book `` evil angels '' and titled so in its australian release , a cry in the dark is an ugly film to watch .
0 this is a typical low-budget horror movie with dumb special effects , a worse plot , and even worse acting .
1 my rating : 9/10
0 she needs to pick better projects although this role will gain for her thousands of teenager fans .
1 aside from that , it really was the greatest film i 've ever seen in my entire life .
1 but this is a story that takes place in modern times , not in a war sixty years ago and in that way it has even more resonance today .
0 they have ruined all the villains .
0 the story was a cliché and poorly scripted .
0 because of the decent start , i considered rating this movie a 5 , but it really was more disappointing than that , so i only give it 4 .
1 no matter where you are from , you will be deeply moved by this autobiographical gem .
0 the nails are clearly made of rubber , the `` special '' effects are cheap , sauce used as blood , etc .
1 enjoy the classic songs , and the colourful visuals , as the tale unfolds .
0 not that there are any stellar performances to be found among the criminal actors , but they at least acquit themselves better than the grating leeds family .
0 i would not recommend this movie even for the youngest of children .
0 i 'm not really sure how to even begin to describe how bad this movie is .
0 there is no style & he films the sex scenes like a bad soft core porno complete with awful romantic sounding piano music .
0 yup the background music in this film is what completely ruins this movie it is cheesy and the whole film in general feels like `` made for tv `` .
0 i admit it has me beat , i could watch it a million times and still struggle to find anything funny about it .
1 i think buñuel wanted to show nazarin as a somewhat ridiculous figure , but perhaps inadvertently , his stubbornness comes out as admirable .
0 this pathetic excuse for a film was probably put together in 3 days for fifty bucks .
1 `` se7en '' also works because of its two main actors .
0 this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
0 not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very bad .
1 this is about the funniest movie i 've ever seen .
1 more than keeping you guessing , the plot twists to such an extent that you just sit and watch what unfolds - i defy anyone to predict !
1 it 's an epic film that never feels like an epic film .
1 what else can i say - it 's a great movie fit for the whole family to enjoy .
1 this movie had such a profound , and ever lasting effect on me , and will till the day i pass away .
0 fat mistake .
0 there 's so much wrong with the script i 'm not even going to go any further than this !
0 it left me wondering if i had missed something vital , but not caring to endure a repeat performance .
0 come on abhishek i know your dad is famous but that should not be the only reason for being in the movies .
0 it 's not worth your money , bandwidth or time .
0 but her background makes it impossible for her to trust dean cain and this utterly destroys it in the end .
1 what a stroke of genius to have this film open the 7th annual miami gay & lesbian film festival .
1 she 's not movie star beautiful , but there is something very unique in her that makes her quite special here .
1 if you have not seen the sholay of 1975 , go watch it .
1 the other actors and actresses are equally fine in every respect .
1 either way , a stand-alone episode not to miss !
1 i would say that even though midnight cowboy was set in the late '60 's , much of it rings true today .
1 the writers were outstanding in the backdrop motivations for the characters even down to a little boy thief .
0 i just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation are n't corrupted by this anti-semitic filth .
1 the story never gets boring , it 's just fun , entertaining .
1 made in 1987 , its been living it for at least a decade .
1 nihalani 's work is an extract of his distinct art .
0 do not watch this movie ! ! !
1 i recommend you to watch this , it brings you back in time
0 that breakdown right there should clue you into what a total snooze-fest this picture is .
0 once again , hollywood has managed to lower the benchmark for a bad movie even further .
1 the man tells him it was an honor having him stay and asks alvin to write to him .
0 harvey keitel 's role is n't even worth mentioning , to tell the truth !
1 der todesking features an original method to shoot , create the mood and handle the central object in almost every scene .
1 this is definitely a must see for any spidey fan , like me .
1 for my first review of a tv show , why not pick one of the finest programs of the 90s ?
1 if you seen a copy at hollywood video for the price i got it for do n't pass it up as it is a great deal !
0 if this is serious its a laughably bad movie and a great film to pick on for its badness .
1 spike milligan was one of the funniest men i 've ever seen , and a huge influence on my life .
1 but kate capshaw is absolutely beautiful , and she showed it in this movie .
1 there is richness and grandeur in every aspect of the film .
0 a few talented actors , but a script without a sense of direction , so it was a waste of time .
0 done as a serious movie it could perhaps have been great or may very well have stepped into a state of pretension .
1 it was n't your typical war flick but something a bit different .
0 on the whole i found the movie to be unbalanced , consisting of strange sub-plots which actually had nothing to do with the movie .
0 the dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces .
0 it had its funny moments , but it was no great show .
0 so this thing on every level is pure boredom , pure unoriginality .
0 there is no excitement or really any surprise plot twists that make come into play .
0 it was taking up space in my local theater , space that could have been used to show something worthwhile .
0 the plot was really uninteresting and its meant to be a comedy .
1 i loved the film so much as well as the songs that i went several times to the cinema to see it again and again .
0 the action sequences are so poorly conducted that it makes the stuff pioneered on kung fu theater seem like rambo .
0 it 's obvious to me that tales from the neverending story - the beginning is an attempt to make a quick buck off of the neverending story .
0 the acting from the `` teens '' is terrible , the dialogue even worse , the fx stink and it looks a lot cheaper than the first film .
1 i hope the game show network keeps it on so i can play along and watch again .
1 i would recommend it to any with an interest in such issues .
1 all have perfect comedic timing proving ensemble cast concept is a timeless strategy .
0 i just do n't like lucy , she 's obnoxious , unfair and mean to snoopy , charlie brown and even linus .
0 no great lines , no memorable scenes , no interesting twists of fate , no comments on the human condition .
0 i could n't even sit through the whole thing !
0 lots of real animal mutilation is the one thing about deep river that could make it a horror film , but even that does n't execute well .
0 none of the actors can act and none of the characters are likable at all .
1 brandauer 's largo is everything a james bond film villain should be : suave , charming , evil and above all believable none the less .
1 primal force gave me as much laughter as any comedy i can remember in recent years .
0 these guys are as clumsy with their fighting as real peasants would be .
0 others will look on in partial disgust , partial intrigue as the camera shows the horrific detail of john doe 's methodical skills .
0 it 's what you expect from hk , but it still bothers me that the glass cgi are visible fake .
1 the animation is wonderful ; the characters are remarkably expressive and their adventures are great fun .
0 robert , who wears funky little glasses , is even worse .
1 from the very first frame to the very last ... amazing .
1 it was such an excellent soap opera , that i thought it would be released on dvd , but it 's not being released .
1 the only problems lie in the script , as seems to be the case with all of the fuller films that i 've seen .
0 his jokes are overdone .
0 this is n't bad in a good or ironic way , just bad as in you really do n't need to waste your time with this .
0 i 'm certainly not a major fan of the original , but you know what , i still hate this film as one of the worst ever made .
1 it is a work of meticulous craftsmanship and a sophistication of writing not seen in most american movies .
1 i do not ordinarily read a great deal of fiction , but cold mountain was so highly recommended by friends that i felt compelled to read it .
0 blair underwood was probably the only real actor in the entire movie .
0 some other things i forgot to mention : 1 .
0 none of the dialogue is even remotely interesting too , so you do n't get to really know these characters or enjoy them .
1 nevertheless , as i look at it now , i see it as a charming film from another era .
1 though it might be overlong for some for those who do n't have very short attention spans here is a must see .
0 the whole film is misjudged , it goes from being unintentionally hilarious to being unintentionally awful to unintentionally boring , or at least i hope it was unintentional .
1 i recommend it to most people , but some wo n't like it .
1 the story of carl brashear , a true-to-life hero , is inspirational enough to last a lifetime .
0 the acting is terrible , the lines are read as if off from a cue card .
0 the three main characters are so overly characterized that they are mere caricatures .
0 i 'm giving this movie a 3 only because some of the acting was good .
1 `` 61* '' is possibly the greatest baseball movie ever made , and that 's saying something .
1 i do n't normally review films this way , but what the heck -- i love shorts and could n't wait to see another .
1 pfeiffer is the reason to see this movie , and most of it comes off as believable .
0 the creators lousy attempt to make a futuristic city even deepened my dislike for the film .
0 now , there can be no real doubt when you watch this movie that it is absolutely awful .
1 as always , chad lowe does an a+ performance as `` charlie '' .
0 in legit film schools , it will become the best example of how to do everything wrong when making a movie .
0 overall it seems as if this film is trying to hard and ends up looking pompous in spite of mostly fine performances .
0 in other words , this movie is just plain bad !
0 stacey comes off as neurotic , paranoid and generally dysfunctional .
0 the deep layers that build up all the characters were shredded apart to only their surface , if not a completely different identity .
1 yeah , i sound silly , but its all because this film was a good little solid war story and it had no feel of a low-budget production .
0 all in all it deserves 2 stars out of 10 for being totally uninteresting and boring , to a point even annoying .
0 sell crazy someplace else .
0 due to the explicit and potentially disturbing graphic content of this film , no one under 18 should watch this film .
1 wajda work , as the director , is truly a wonder .
1 everyone is very good , with weaver and hirsch being the standouts .
1 the hip 70s score is also incredibly funky and spooky at the same time .
0 also , you can basically tell how the movie ends about ten minutes in to it and no one in the movie can act very well .
0 but `` the prey '' is as bad as you might expect .
1 the story has a stark realism to it that makes one realize that things were n't that different almost seventy years ago .
1 i chose this film primarily for all of the critical praise it has gotten , especially from what i saw at the independent spirit awards .
1 i ca n't say enough about how wonderful i think this film , and the tv series is .
0 mere thoughts of `` going overboard '' make me want to weep .
1 do not miss this one !
0 the `` clever '' jokes seem not to move the characters along .
1 the top-notch cast have much to be congratulated for in bringing this show to life .
0 you are taken on a ride of slow build ups , one after the other with minor revelations at best .
0 this causes the audience to be fifteen steps ahead of the plot , and bored out of their mind .
0 `` carnosaur '' is one of my favorite terrible movies , and they somehow screwed it up and made it nigh unwatchable .
1 all in all , one of the best films made to date and one of the very best science fiction films made .
1 if you like sci-fi this is a must see !
0 save your money by not bothering with this piece of junk .
0 we are astonished to discover that the driver is none other than a decrepit george , preparing to pass on his ghastly duty to this year 's successor .
0 i was saved before i saw this movie and the rest of the series and was forced to watch it in a youth group at my church .
0 the character was without personality .
1 a movie about adults for adults that makes you feel like a kid .
1 that particular scene is what makes this episode so memorable .
0 but what made me feel so negative towards this movie was , again , the damn acting .
0 this means , parents , that if you are suckered into watching this with your kids , you are in for a trip to hades !
1 beowulf is an action packed , well written and entertaining piece of popcorn cinema .
1 in my opinion bob newhart would be funny reading the phone book , and he did his thing well here .
0 i understand that this movie was mainly to showcase the new comers , who did pretty good for newbies , but over all , the movie was not believable .
1 another western with a message for all those who understand that money may buy all things in the world .
0 dave makes some abysmally weak attempts to test the wire mesh and you wonder why he does n't brace himself against the wall and kick it through .
1 again , i have n't seen it since then , but i ca n't wait to find a copy and stuff it into my vcr .
1 a somewhat prophetic piece in light of recent events and the exposure of america 's tactics in iraq .
1 rarer still , is the film that has a prophetic nuance to it that touches the heart and drives home a powerful message .
0 the sf content is so incoherent that the story can only really be viewed as fantasy .
0 i know he starred on `` murphy brown '' and some other television series , but that was it .
0 first , the scene of the cops undercover at the movie theater was awfully funny .
1 i highly suggest checking this movie out , if you are in the mood for a wacky comedy .
1 seek it out , and you 'll feel like you 've made a great discovery .
1 also giving a terrific performance is meryl streep , who was n't as well known when she made this film like she is today .
0 all in all , the show was about 90 minutes .
1 superman surprised me with actually having me feel good about seeing his first heroic deed , like seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it .
1 the story really fits the bill with additional story linking with food in it .
0 avoid watching this movie unless you a christian religious fanatic obsessed with apocalypse .
0 i still ca n't believe i sat through the whole movie !
1 due to its singular style , i would suggest renting first , as it will not be everyone 's cup of tea .
1 for this reason alone , this movie must be praised .
0 nothing on the show is remotely funny and pretty much everything on it has been done already and much better by other shows .
1 but there is something about this movie in particular which makes you feel absolute joy when watching it .
0 he did this same thing three times during the film ; i guess we 're supposed to see this as some tortured act of being alone and angry ?
0 poor direction .
0 but alas i 'd recommend fist of legend , tai chi master , or even the enforcer over this dissapointment .
0 i could n't recommend this to anyone , with the distant possibility of someone who has a jones for asian porn .
1 i remember the well dressed man with hat who sings song in the rain in 1952 and joy of living he has .
0 needless to say this film is terrible from the start .
1 this film also does a believable job of recreating the time period that the film is suppose to take place in .
1 the film 's dialogue is also quite intelligent and quotable , moreso than in most prison films .
1 watch it , act it out , it is great ! ! !
0 and not in a good , cheesy , fun way , either .
0 3 ) surprise surprise , help arrives in the form of a shotgun !
1 it tells the story of a popular radio host called gabriel noon who spends his evenings enthralling his audiences with vivid stories about gay lifestyles .
1 as it turned out it was a blessing for uruguay and the rest of the latin america that the us got involved .
0 while the acting was passable considering i really could not discern how the lines were truly delivered , i felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and nonsensical .
0 the plot is weak to start with , and spirals out of control into unforgivable chaos that is beyond redemption .
1 we completely understand why kristen dunst continues to talk to him despite his frequent screw ups .
0 i feed bad for ms. franklin that she even appeared in such a rotten egg of a movie .
0 she could have sunk this dog all by herself .
0 the only good thing about her performance is that she does n't talk in the film !
0 this has got to be the most stupid film i have ever seen !
1 bugs is not as funny as he usually is , but he does a stellar job , courtesy to some brilliant vocal characterisations from mel blanc .
1 this is by far one of the freshest mexican features in recent years .
0 so save yourself the time and money .
0 but even she could not save this dumb , plodding movie .
0 mike has been in good movies and in bad movies , and sometimes in the bad movies , he was the only reason to bother watching it .
0 a bunch of bad jokes that should n't go beyond the locker room they 're so lame .
0 i tried my best not to fall asleep during the movie as i watched one of the worst horror films i have ever seen .
1 julie walters gets a special mention since she creates a wonderful diverse interesting character to watch .
0 this film is a text book case of a producer with money throwing it at a group of amateurs to make a film .
1 i have seen the elephant man over a dozen times and each time i see and feel more .
0 don payne did an awful job with the screenplay .
0 scenes of fat and leung running down corridors are inexplicably shot in slow motion .
1 although le samourai remains my favorite melville film , even up there with the greatest films ever made , this one also belongs to the very best .
0 she is cute but she is one of those good child actors that have become a very monotonous adult actor .
1 i 'd not heard of the movie until i saw it for sale that day and bought it merely because joseph fiennes was on the cover .
1 the characters in this movie were the kind of guys i could identify with when i was in the military and the zaniness was exact .
0 a primary ethical insight of the film is the danger of inability to articulate one 's moral positions .
0 i bet you ca n't make it through this movie , in the dark , without your baseball bat either .
0 after watching the movie , i wonder how much of that `` dreamlike '' quality was intentional and how much was just dumb luck on the director 's part .
1 i promise you that if you give yourself to this story you will not come out of it the same .
0 stay away from `` the glow '' .
1 just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone .
1 we are constantly shown ideas about the contemporary french society and how that reflects the character 's behavior .
1 helmut is truly one of my favourite characters of all-time now .
0 each group gets about the standard three minutes , the exception being the mills brothers , who for some reason warranted two numbers .
1 i do n't think alan bates has done a better film than this .
0 the audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith .
1 the movie is way too predictable , but for entertainment purposes , it was a masterpiece .
0 amid sporadic funny moments , there are a lot of actors trying too hard to be funny .
1 i like pork chop hill for the hollywood production that it is , and would recommend that its critics be ignored , and enjoy the movie .
0 his abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever .
0 ever once in a while i run into a movie that is so embarrassingly bad i wonder why movies exist .
1 this film , while it does take great liberties with doyle 's writings , is highly entertaining .
0 it ought to have had a light touch but it 's a leaden affair from start to finish .
1 it reaffirms out belief that the world can be divided into good and evil .
0 the end starting from the explosion was non believable .
0 they got too carried away with stock footage and photography , so little content .
1 i can not understand why this show was cancelled it was the greatest show on tv at the time .
0 michael madsen hams it up in his standard character persona .
1 very much the kind of chinese new year blockbuster i hoped it would be from the trailer , and recommended viewing !
1 paul green is completely right in his teaching technique .
0 nothing in the show suggests the police would suspect him in this way and the plot line dies quietly , having wasted a fair amount of time .
1 i think oldman actually deserved an oscar nod for this .
1 but this is a lovable movie that can be watched more then once , and suggested to some people and friends .
1 you ca n't get much better than this movie with all stunts and no digital generation .
0 i only ask , who watches and pays for this trash ?
0 a crime film which becomes a mad scientist film , which becomes a chase film , and ends up as a zombie movie !
1 this scene certainly ranks as one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delirious treat .
1 the scripts are good , and the mix of characters superb , the acting is top flight , and the blend of comedy and drama works a treat .
1 in addition to being an action film , it 's got a sense of humor and a sense of humanity .
0 the plots are dull .
0 the soundtrack consists of , 1 song and the killer doing the evil laugh .
1 and finally can any one tell me , how this movie made it to the top 250 movies of all time ! ! !
0 it suffers from special effects overkill , and the plot , which potentially contains some interesting developments , makes little sense .
0 after capturing the nutty lady , they chase divine and pearce and take them to a `` hospital '' that is really just some house .
0 hewitt is mediocre at best , hopkins phones his performance in and alec looks bored .
1 even if a little too childish / badly written to go down in history as one of the greats .
1 but not as good as eagle .
0 bender , the robot , is an extremely selfish robot who cares about no one and always gets his way .
1 while the occasional stereotype shows up , one gets the feeling that these are real people in a real situation , which is refreshing .
0 it 's a case of 'so bad it is laughable ' .
0 the worst thing about it all , it had a big cliff hanger at the end .
0 really naive and repetitive story lines .
1 `` american graffiti '' is the cinematic equivalent and homage to that easy-going yet troubled universe , superficial and profound , funny and deeply nostalgic .
0 in other words , do n't waste your time with this one .
1 he gets all the audience laughs from that point on -- and deserves it .
0 this was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch bob saget host during the half-hour before this .
0 at points the music sounds like shopping tv stuff ... it 's that bad really , and it 's not even funny .
1 it 's hard for me to choose which of the leads is more affecting .
0 if you need to pay anything to view this movie , do n't waste your time - you 're better off watching old howie mandel stand-up on you tube .
0 the acting is stilted beyond belief , with numerous silences and laboured pauses , actors staring into space and these are n't the ones that are infected .
1 the movie does not quit , it is funny from the beginning to the end .
1 call me crazy , but i love this film .
1 ben johnson first arrived at hollywood by bringing in some horses for howard hughes and decided to stay and watch .
0 the dialogues are embarrassing and there 's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere .
1 while she was n't quite the level of mr. taylor , her ability to carry her scenes worked .
0 sarah 's dad is poorly written with little to do and say but there to make her seem more vulnerable .
0 the `` prime suspects '' -- an eccentric professor , a radio broadcaster -- are simply annoying .
0 do n't panic is technically average , the cinematography is static & flat as are the production values in general & the horrible music seems very out of place .
1 i hope you all remember this game with as much adoration as i do .
0 i have to say that the background music is very annoying too .
0 utter junk .
0 `` elm street two '' is one of the shortest films i have seen in a while .
1 the only thing that bothered me a little was that not all of the singing scenes fitted in with the plot .
0 however , the one that really stole the show was richard 's little brother andrew , his high pitched whining was somehow endearing .
1 the story is made even more poignant by the fact that the director , neal jimenez , is paralyzed in real life .
0 why did he jerk suzanne 's hair when she plotted to bring the disparate parts of this turkey together on the country estate ?
1 there is no doubt that this film ought to be made available on dvd - it is well crafted and most performances are well realised .
0 10 ) francois truffaut - i 'm sorry , nothing against the guy personally , but spielberg casting him in this movie was a mistake .
0 80 minutes of pure sleaze and nothing more .
0 this movie is an embarrassment to the horror genre .
1 8 out of 10 vote on this one .
1 unfortunately most of his more recent works have been directed more towards television presentation than to the cinema and do not provide a lot of competition .
1 sinatra in fact recorded the house i live in again during the sixties for a joint album he did for his reprise record label .
0 as far as being nominated for b movie status , i would reserve that for movies that were intended to be good , but turned out to be turkeys .
0 performances feel wooden and terribly uninterested , and it seems to show .
0 there is some development in the relationship and personalities of dave and andrew , some background is given , but ultimately not enough .
0 i would have like to give it a 5 but i give a 2 for my vote .
1 as for brigitte bardot , the way she looks in this movie is the way i remember her as a kid in the fifties .
0 i will say the graphics as far as the gore were terrific , but it amounted to nothing since the acting and script were so terrifically bad .
1 i first saw this movie when i was a little kid and fell in love with it at once .
0 as a result i do n't remember anything about the movie .
0 william berger is truly awful as banjo the murderous musician .
1 i went and seen this at a theater when they they had the after dark horrorfest playing , and i was really impressed .
1 very entertaining movie about seven youngsters who go on a camping trip to summer house owned by the parents of one of the seven .
0 people can like the hannibal lecter character because he is amoral , but if a female does it they are shocked and appalled ?
1 bob fosse directed with a keen eye and great panache .
0 if you plan on watching a good action flick watch anything other than this , yes i said anything , comedies have better action .
0 there is lot of nudity , but no plot .
0 third , persian , despite the fact it is spoken in iran and afghanistan , is never heard in movie .
1 i love horror films and this is one of the most refreshing i 've ever seen .
1 i watched this on tv in 1989 and regretted not taping it .
1 fortunately , despite his popularity in recent years , an increasing number of intelligent italians share my views .
1 this film is the most profoundly terrifying film i have seen .
0 actually , i was looking for something that might make me think , but i did n't find it here .
0 she lacks something that is necessary for the genre of satire , let alone for the entire world of comedy .
1 i can tell you that this is one of the better movies of it 's kind that i have see in a very long time .
0 i tried to like it , i really did , but i give it a rating of 4/10 .
0 no , wait -- an abomination .
0 it just took forever to get through watching and not really bad acting , just - well it took forever to get through the movie .
0 he teams up with a persistent news reporter to uncover the conspiracy surrounding the president 's death , and so on , blah , blah , blah .
0 *1/2 from ****
1 the voices are obviously not that of the original film , but the actors do their best to bring feeling to the characters , and that is what matters .
0 the film was just one beautiful tragic scene after another , with no involving narrative thread and no humanity .
0 when everyone sounds donald duck it wastes only 30 minutes of your time .
1 but several years back she attended a revival of both the adventures of robin hood and dodge city two very different type films she did with errol flynn .
1 despite the score , which is cliché and over-dramatic , i give this film the highest rating that it clearly deserves
1 one of the best independent horror flicks i 've seen in a long time .
1 despite a few unacceptable external problems , internally this is a very effective production .
0 watching spidey swing through the city is probably the worst graphic problem this game has .
0 there is nothing to recommend it .
0 the camera work , scripting , acting and sound are unbelievably crass .
0 rating : 0 out of 5 .
0 no doubt it was the worst john candy flick the late actor made .
1 real period stuff , even if it is in the same key , you 'll be humming some of the songs for days .
1 however , i do give credit to the makers of the film for capturing a little bit of what the south was like in the 1950 's .
0 no one , save sandra bullock 's partner , is very likable .
0 this movie is a complete waste of time , and unintentionally turns a horrifying true-life story into a sloppy farce .
0 the story itself does not carry the emotional powerhouse it once has .
0 its violent without point , ridiculous characters , bad acting , bad script and plain silly .
0 perhaps not being able to clearly see or hear the goings-on was intentional , but the lack of plot did n't give us much else to concentrate on .
0 in all honesty though i have seen much worse than this .
0 i laughed out loud during all the `` serious '' scenes and was bored throughout the rest .
0 not to mention it would not entertain them in the slightest .
1 yet again , director j. lee thompson unites with actor charles bronson for a violent and uncompromising action flick .
0 wow this movie has the worst special effects i have ever seen !
1 the chemistry between richard gere and diane lane was very believable !
0 the gore is laughable in here .
0 this really is an enormous piece of crap .
0 however , the last scene where the woman is turned into a worm is one of the worst things you could possibly see .
1 as a whole the movie is good , much better then most martial art films in the drama department .
1 all in all , the acting was great , the script was hilarious , and the story is really something you can relate to .
0 the cover of the video box , if you can find the video , is extremely deceiving .
1 `` tell me something '' illustrates beautifully some of the ways in which this is true .
0 there are also an unbelievable number of attractive women in various stages of undress .
0 no matter what hollywood tries to tell us , it 's just not that easy to erase someone 's identity by hacking .
0 so , i 'll tell you what : `` i ca n't think straight '' had me bored to tears in 20 minutes !
0 this is one of the worst movies i 've seen in very long time .
1 it 's also one of the more successfully simplistic and funny of the mickey mouse shorts .
0 as for us ladies , there is nothing to hold our attention .
0 nevertheless , peters must suffer a contrived love affair with widmark that really brings down the film 's attempts at realism .
0 please do n't watch it
0 the lives we see are really not that interesting .
0 frankly , as movies go , this is badly plotted , silly and forgettable .
1 you care for all the characters , even though they are bank robbers , because they are presented as human beings with all their problems and flaws .
0 the horror factor is nil .
0 this movie just feels like a student film .
1 i expect that in 2007 , i may be watching it as much as i do hbo and showtime and i pay for those !
1 it is an original with a memorable ending that should not be spoiled , but it will almost definitely have people talking .
0 whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten .
0 do n't you love unintentional comedy ?
0 otherwise , carlito looks like a cold blooded killer in one scene then a spineless wimp in another .
1 jamie foxx and david morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture .
0 this cautionary tale of blatant lies and unintentional hilarity about demon weed is one of the first broad sides in the war on drugs .
0 here , the plot is often difficult to follow , and when you do manage to follow it , it just is n't that interesting .
1 and this movie just drives the stake deeper .
0 save your leisure time & money & rent a sybil danning werewolf movie instead ! ! !
0 i 'm not sure if i can articulate how terrible this movie was .
0 i wont say anything much about this .
0 this film was disappointing because it started to depend on effects and less on the nobility of the zatoichi character .
1 the film features many sinister and eccentric characters , and the cast is superb .
0 this short was awful .
1 but , if you watch the entire film you will find that he comes around in the end to realizing his true love and commitment .
0 and this leads me to the most painful aspect of the series .
1 i was , personally , blown away by how good this film was .
1 so real and surreal , all in one .
0 sick , morbid , pitch black `` comedy '' .
0 audience is not paying to watch such stupidity .
0 the result is an incoherent mess that leaves the viewer feeling cheated .
1 overall , i 'd give this film a 7 -- though it 's almost good enough to get an 8 .
0 i was sorely disappointed .
1 he got some shots he had no hope of achieving and the impact of them brought a sense of reality to the film .
1 but it was tolerable and even darkly fascinating to observe them on screen over the course of this enthralling real life documentary .
1 a wonderful mix dark brutality and beautiful music are skillfully balanced , with beauty found in the brutal and an emotional darkness in the music .
1 all in all , a very good film worth seeing , but certainly not great .
1 jude law gives his most mature and honest performance to date .
1 series 6 from 1971 however still exists in its entirety , and i recently got the chance to watch it all , the best part of 4 decades on .
0 so much of the backstory and many reasons for what occurs to some characters have been tossed aside .
0 an imagination is a terrible thing to waste ... especially when you have talented actors .
0 hopkins kills his wife with a well-thought out , yet highly unlikely plot , which is only believable because hopkins ' character is so intelligent .
0 the film felt like it had it 's running time padded out with plenty of shots of the sky and the australian bush backed with atmospheric music .
0 i 've seen first year film student projects that are far better than this waste of space .
0 i truly wish i could get back the time that i wasted watching this piece of garbage .
0 no jokes are made .
0 the actors are all so bad , it 's beyond belief .
1 immediately after leaving the minister of propaganda 's office , herr lang went directly to the train station and took a passenger directly to paris .
0 death screams or as i rented it under house of death has to be one of the worst horror movies ever made .
0 it 's dull in many places and too often reduces to sex for the sake of prurient interested .
1 it feels like a horror movie but ultimately it 's not scaring , but only fun .
0 and you better do n't expect to see the most original movie either , because than this will be one big disappointment .
0 blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity .
0 the most frustrating feature of this film is that it promises a memorable journey within the first ten minutes and then ignores it , ignore us it cheated us .
0 but in other scenes , such as when a woman throws a tree limb at it , the car appears hopelessly natural and real .
1 watching it again few days ago , i realized that it is close to the top of the great works of cinema .
0 yes , they are special : they are special as the cheapest special effects ever seen in a disaster film since `` plan 9 from outer space '' .
0 but , on the other , the play was so inappropriate and sick in how it dealt with teen sexuality it really made me angry .
0 it seems to me that the story has nothing to do with ambiguity .
0 a real let down , the novel is such a brilliant stomach churning journey into madness but this made for tv movie style nonsense is turgid and painfully slow .
1 after all these years i still consider this series the finest example of world war ii documentary film making .
0 written , produced & directed by donald wolfe i thought savage intruder was a bit of a mess but a mildly entertaining one at the same time .
0 he was the only funny and believable one of the lot .
0 and the portrayal of lincoln was even weaker .
0 might be good for a few laughs from fans of the first movie but nobody else .
0 the lame acting by nearly all thespians does not help matters , either .
1 the character of otis comes across as truly dangerous and unpredictable , making him the real monster in the film .
1 the performances are excellent , disclosing the intimacy of the characters in a realistic way .
0 needless remake , and it ca n't come close to capturing the charm of the original .
0 well , i 'll be honest : i never want to see this film again .
1 this is a depiction of human sorrow in nearly it 's purest form , both at the deeply personal level and also on the international scale .
0 however it only gets worse from here .
0 as has been said before , this is a really bad harry potter installment .
1 this is a delightful movie that is so over-the-top that my wife , daughter , and i found it irresistible .
1 the movie has a wonderful cast of stars , some already were big , and others were just getting started .
0 it was just a grim , sad waste of time .
1 sexuality was dealt with in a daring way .
0 while the cgi and set design was excellent , that seemed to be the only saving grace .
1 take the wonderful parts and acting and visuals and music and whatever aspects of the film you like , and enjoy them .
